This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Agriculture_Indonesia_Astra Agro Lestari_2023.pdf>

Code of Conduct  PT Astra Argo Lestari Tbk  Code of Conduct  1.  Definition  Code of conduct is a system of values derived from the corporate culture and adhered to  by the company, Board of Directors, management, and all employees as a guideline for  interacting with both internal and external environments.  2.  General  In implementing Code of Conduct:  a.  The Company, the Board of Directors, the management, and all employees shall  implement  the  principles  of  Good  Corporate  Governance,  namely  Fairness,  Transpa rency,  Accountability,  and  Responsibility  to  enhance  the  Company's  performance.  b.  The Board of Directors and the management shall comprehend and implement the  code of conduct as an exemplary employee behavior.  c.  The Company, the Board of Directors, the management, and all employees strongly  and consistently emphasize the implementation  of a code of conduct to foster and  uphold a culture of exemplary conduct and attitude among the management and  employees.  d.  The Company, the Board of Directors, the management, and all employees shall  effectively implement the code of conduct to increase sha reholder value and protect  the rights of other stakeholders.  e.  The Company, the Board of Directors, the management, and all employees shall avoid  conflicts of interest, either directly or indirectly, including but not limited to insider  trading or owning p ersonal/family land near company plantations, both core and  plasma  f.  The Company, the Board of Directors, management, and all employees are strictly  prohibited from giving or receiving any form of compensation from transacting or  interested parties, either d irectly or indirectly.

g.  The Company, the Board of Directors, management, and all employees maintain  security and confidentiality while restricting unauthorized access to company data and  information.  3.  Partnerships  In fostering collaboration with business  partners (distributors, bank creditors, or other  business partners):  a.  The Company, the Board of Directors, the management, and all employees prioritize  establishing partnerships based on equality and mutual trust grounded in fairness and  social responsibili ty without discriminating on the basis of ethnicity, religion, race, or  class.  b.  The Company, the Board of Directors, the management, and all employees adhere to  prevailing laws and regulations.  c.  The Company, the Board of Directors, the management, and all employees must avoid  conflicts of interest by refraining from engaging in business relationships with  partners with familial ties to decision - makers.  d.  The Company, the Board of Directors, the man agement, and all employees are strictly  prohibited from giving or receiving any form of compensation from business partners,  either directly or indirectly.  e.  All agreements shall be documented in writing based on good faith and mutual benefit.  f.  Business partn er selection shall be based on professionalism, alignment of values, and  QCDSM (Quality, Cost, Delivery, Safety, Morale).  g.  The Company actively seeks to empower small and medium business partners.  4.  Employees  In implementing employee relations:  a.  The Company,  the Board of Directors, the management, and all employees uphold  universal human rights and employee rights and obligations based on prevailing laws  and regulations.  b.  The Company, the Board of Directors, and the management provide equal  opportunity  to employees without any form of discrimination based on seniority, gender, ethnicity,  religion, race, or class.  c.  The Company, the Board of Directors, and the management highly value employees  as valuable assets, prioritizing the development of  their competencies and character.

d.  The Company, the Board of Directors, and the management foster an open atmosphere  and two - way communication with employees.  e.  The Company, the Board of Directors, and the management reward high - performing  employees.  5.  Custom ers  In interacting with customers:  a.  The company conducts open and transparent commodity tenders involving reputable  prospective customers with proven track records, ensuring accountability in the  process.  b.  The Company, the Board of Directors, the management, and all employees uphold  customer rights in compliance with prevailing laws and regulations.  c.  The  Company,  the  Board  of  Directors,  the  management,  and  all  employees  consistently uphold their commitments  to price, quality, delivery times, after - sales  service, and product guarantees in accordance with relevant standards.  d.  The Company, the Board of Directors, the management, and all employees deliver  equal service to all customers.  e.  The Company, the Board of  Directors, the management, and all employees are strictly  prohibited from giving or receiving any form of compensation, either directly or  indirectly.  f.  The Company, the Board of Directors, the management, and all employees uphold the  confidentiality of cust omer information.  g.  The Company, the Board of Directors, the management, and all employees adhere to  publication ethics and prevailing laws and regulations.  6.  Competitors  In the Company’s interactions with competitors (companies outside PT Astra Agro Lestari  and its subsidiaries that produce and market similar or substitute goods/services as the  Astra Agro Group):  a.  The Company, the Board of Directors, the management, and all employees uphold  fair, healthy, and transparent competition in accordance with prevail ing laws and  regulations.  b.  The Company, the Board of Directors, the management, and all employees are strictly  prohibited from engaging in any form of cooperation with competitors that may  negatively impact customers or result in monopolistic  practices.

c.  The Company, the Board of Directors, the management, and all employees are strictly  prohibited  from  disparaging  competitors  in  any  marketing,  promotional,  or  advertising endeavors.  d.  The Company, the Board of Directors, the management, and all e mployees may gather  information about competitors as long as it does not violate prevailing laws and  regulations.  e.  The Company, the Board of Directors, the management, and all employees are strictly  prohibited from engaging in ownership or management in com peting companies,  either directly or indirectly.  7.  Suppliers  A supplier is a business partner engaged in the provision of goods and services. The terms  vendor, contractor, consultant, and provider are used interchangeably with a similar  meaning. In procurin g goods and services:  a.  The Company conducts an open tender in a transparent and accountable manner by  engaging prospective suppliers with a good reputation and track record.  b.  The Company, Board of Directors, management, and all employees shall avoid  suppliers with family ties to decision - makers and/or those with conflicts of interest.  c.  The Company, Board of Directors, management, and all employees are strictly  prohibited from  engaging in ownership or management, either directly or indirectly.  d.  The Company documents all agreements in writing based on good faith and mutual  benefit.  8.  Shareholders  In all forms of interaction with shareholders:  a.  The company, board of  directors, management, and all employees treat shareholders  in accordance with the Company's Articles of Association and prevailing laws and  regulations.  b.  The company, board of directors, management, and all employees strive to provide  optimal performance a nd maintain a good image to increase value for shareholders.  c.  The company, board of directors, management, and all employees firmly uphold the  prevailing laws and regulations regarding "insider information" towards requests for  access to certain sensitive  and/or confidential information.  9.  Investors

In interacting with investors (individuals or institutions with potential for direct or indirect  participation in company ownership, including analysts and fund managers):  a.  The company, board of directors, managem ent, and all employees provide actual,  accurate, and prospective information.  b.  The company, board of directors, management, and all employees apply the principle  of balanced treatment in providing necessary information.  c.  The company, board of  directors, management, and all employees do not directly or  indirectly engage in capital market activities aimed at harming or benefiting certain  investors and/or shareholders.  10.  State Officials  In  interacting  with  state  officials  (government  implementing  institutions  and  their  apparatus including legislative, executive, judicial and other institutions, both at central  and regional levels):  a.  The  company,  board  of  directors,  management,  and  all  employees  maintain  harmonious and constructive relationships base d on honesty and mutual respect.  b.  The company, board of directors, management, and all employees strive to support  national or regional programs, especially in education, social, economic and cultural  fields.  11.  Community  In interacting with the community:  a.  The company, board of directors, ma nagement, and all employees participate in  maintaining a clean and healthy environment around the company.  b.  The company, board of directors, management, and all employees along with their  business units wherever located, build and foster harmonious relationships and strive  to provide benefits through empowerment programs, especially for communities  around the co mpany.  c.  The company, board of directors, management, and all employees respect human  rights as well as social, cultural, traditional, ethical, belief, and religious aspects,  especially of communities around the company.  12.  Mass Media  In interacting with the m ass media:

a.  The company adheres to the truth and openness of information in accordance with the  journalistic code of ethics and prevailing laws and regulations and can be accounted  for.  b.  The company positions the mass media as an equal business  partner, therefore positive  cooperation based on mutual respect and benefit needs to be built.  c.  Company officials are not permitted to give or receive any form of reward, either  directly or indirectly.


</Agriculture_Indonesia_Astra Agro Lestari_2023.pdf>
