This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Automotive_China_Great Wall Motor_2024.pdf>

-  1  -  Global General Compliance Code of Great Wall Motor  1.  List Company Compliance  1 )  Governance and Management of C ompany  The company insists on governing according to laws and regulations,  and improves the corporate  governance structure that each performs its duties and responsibilities, operates by cooperation and  checks and balances effectively. Directors, supervisors, and senior management personnel shall  abide by laws, regulations, artic les of association and rules of procedure,  2)  Information Disclosure Compliance  Being the list company, for various major events and transactions (purchasing or selling assets;  foreign investment; providing financial assistance; providing guarantees; renti ng or leasing assets;  entrusting or entrusting management of assets and businesses; giving or receiving assets; debt and  debt restructuring ; Signing a license agreement; transferring or assigning research and development  projects; other transactions ident ified by the exchange), once it finds information that meets the  standards and scope of information disclosure, it shall promptly perform its reporting obligations  and responsibilities.  3 )  Prohibition of I nsider  T rading  Company's directors, supervisors,  senior management personnel and related employees must not  disclose the company's inside information, and it is strictly forbidden to use inside information to  engage in illegal transactions and obtain illegal benefits.  In order to avoid insider trading, a fter being informed of unpublished information (significant events)  that may involve securities issuance, trading, or other factors that have a significant impact on the  price of securities, and the company did not publish such information in legal media,  information  acquisition personnel prohibit buying and selling company securities or disclose the information or  suggest others to buy and sell company securities in order to avoid insider trading.  4 )  Related Party Transaction Compliance  Companies,  directors, supervisors and senior management personnel shall strictly abide by laws,  regulatory requirements and internal decision - making and approval procedures, and conduct related  party transactions fairly.  2. Employm ent Conduct C ompliance

-  2  -  1 )  Maintenance of Good Working A tmosphere  The company cares for employees, ensure the physical and mental health and life safety of employees.  Employment discrimination on gender, ethnicity, race, religion, nationality, and region is strictly  prohibited.  company respects the personal privacy rights of employees, strictly abides by laws and  regulations and company systems in obtaining, storing, using and disclosing personal information of  employees, and takes appropriate measures to protect employee informa tion.  2 )  Work with Loyalty, Legitimacy and R esponsibility  Employees should fulfill their obligations of loyalty to the company, do not have any behaviors to  damage reputation and interests of the company,  comply with company rules and regulations, labor  d iscipline and professional ethics, complete work tasks on time with diligence and responsibility, and  consciously accept management of the heads.  Employees must abide by norms of behavior of the company, respect the national customs and  religious beliefs o f others, avoid offending, insulting, and harassing the language and behavior to  others, and do not spread rumors or other defamatory or discriminatory messages.  3 )  Avoiding Conflicts of I nterests  Employees should properly handle the relationship between  personal interests and the interests of the  company in accordance with company requirements to avoid conflicts of interest.  3. Asset Security and Financial C ompliance  1 )  Proper Use and Protection of Company A ssets  Employees should protect company assets,  including but not limited to reputation, intellectual  property, information, products, real estate, and other types of assets, from company losses and  misuse. Employees can only use company assets for the purpose of completing their work and  conducting com pany business. No one may use and dispose of them without authorization.  2 )  F inancial C ompliance  Strictly comply with the tax laws and regulations of the country and region where the company is  located. tax evasion, etc. is forbidden. Do not conceal,  falsify or falsify related financial records, or  fabricate, provide, or disclose false financial reports.  4. Product and Business Compliance

-  3  -  1)  Product  Quality C ompliance  The company will  regarding  steadily provide products and services that meet customer  requirements and the requirements of applicable laws and regulatio ns as the bottom line .  Through the effective application of the quality management system, the company keeps the quality  of product s and services in line with customer requirements and applicable laws and regulations to  enhance customer satisfaction.  2)  Health , Environment Protection and Public S ecurity  Our company has always been adhering to the HSE (health, safety and environment) phil osophy of  safety first, environmental protection first, and physical and mental health, and strictly abides by  applicable laws, regulations, regulatory rules and standards on work safety, environmental  protection, employee health and public safety.  3 ） Business P artner  The company adheres to the principle of equality, mutual benefit and win - win cooperation, and  establishes cooperative relations with business partners who are compliant, honest and law - abiding.  Strictly examine the qualification and credit  of suppliers, service providers, contractors, customers  and other partners, and refrain from any business dealings with organizations, institutions, companies  or individuals that have broken their promises, violated the rules, violated laws and records;  4 ） Anti - bribery and  Anti - corruption  The company adhere to anti - bribery and anti - corruption, it is forbidden to provide advantages to  obtain and maintain business opportunities and benefits. It is also forbidden the employee to  solicit  and accept bribes. The  advantages including direct and indirect provide and solicit, n  5 ） Anti - trust and Anti - unfair Competition  Monopoly is the act of obstructing trade, restricting or excluding fair and free competition. We should  strictly abide by the applicable anti - monopoly  laws and regulations, conduct healthy competition  within the legal framework, and consciously avoid monopoly behavior.  The Company prohibits unfair competition practices such as the use of logos that do not conform to  facts and mislead buyers, the unfair u se of trade secrets or brands of other companies, damage to the  business reputation of competitors, sale of counterfeit goods and improper sweepstakes sales.  6 )  Consumer P rotection

-  4  -  The company operates in accordance with the law, respects and protects the  legitimate rights and  interests of consumers, listens to consumer opinions and accepts consumer supervision.  7 )  C ustoms, Trade Regulations and Sanctions  The Company complies with all  customs,  tariff s  and  product  regulations applicable to countries  and  regions  where its conducts  international  trade and  business es .  The Company  is dedicated to complying  with  all  export controls and sanctions requirements  applicable to countries and regions  where  it  operate s,  and  its  compliance policies .  T he Company’s  produ cts  and technologies are developed and/or manufactured for civilian purposes and shall not be  used for military purposes, terrorist purposes,  interference  with international peace and security, or  weapons of mass destruction  in  violation of the requirement s above . All exports, reexports, and  transfers  in - country of  items  shall comply with the requirements above , and all necessary export  licenses or other authorizations if needed shall be obtained prior  to the  exports, reexports,  or  transfers  in - country . The  Company prohibits any transactions with sanctioned countries  or regions  or entities,  directly or indirectly, without a n authorization  from  C om pliance Department .  According to the  company polices, the Company shall conduct the screen among the third partie s, end users and end  use of the company product, if any violation, the Company shall punish the relevant entities,  according to the policies or the compliance commitment from the business partners.  8 )  Protect Intellectual P roperty  Intellectual  property  suc h  as  invention  patents,  utility  models,  designs,  copyrights  (works),  trademarks (trade names, brands), and domain names are among the company's most competitive  assets. We must actively turn the results created by research and development activities into  i ntellectual property, and at the same time respect and avoid infringing the intellectual property of  others.  9 )  D ata S ecurity and  C onfidential  To ensure data security, the company should make overall plans for the development and construction  of the  company's data protection system, strengthen data security and information protection during  the data application process, and avoid company information leakage.  we must strictly abide by the  confidentiality agreements signed with our partners. And the confidential information should be  regulated and carefully managed.

-  5  -  10 )  Anti - money Laundering and Anti - terrorist F inancing  The company shall conduct business with p artners with legal and reputable sources of funds, and  avoid transactions with parties suspected of money laundering. Companies shall abide by the anti -  money laundering laws, regulations and regulations of the Chinese government and the countries  where the y do business. They shall never participate in money laundering and shall not provide  assistance or convenience for others.  11 )  Compliance with International Trade and I nvestment  Companies and employees comply with international rules and laws and  regulations of the country  in which they operate, and respect the culture, religion and customs of the country in which they  operate.  It is strictly prohibited for the company to carry out investment projects that are listed in the prohibited  category of t he negative list of the each government,  12 )  Donation and S ponsorship  In order to fulfill its social responsibility, the company can donate money and materials to education,  science, culture and art, and social welfare projects. Sponsorship is available  for opportunities to  promote the company's brand. Donations and sponsorships must be transparent and legal, and don’t  be donated or sponsored to outsiders for the pur pose of protecting the company’ s improper interests  or other unreasonable reasons.  5.  Government and Committee Relationship  The company lays great emphasis on mutual support and cooperation with the government  (legislative, executive and judiciary included), and actively develops constructive strategic  relationships with the government. Th e company attaches importance to taking into account the  public interests of the local community in order to benefit the community from the company's  business.


</Automotive_China_Great Wall Motor_2024.pdf>