This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Automotive_China_XPeng_2024.pdf>

CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS  OF  XPENG INC.  INTRODUCTION  XPeng Inc. , its consolidated subsidiaries and consolidated Variable Interest Entities (collectively  the “ Company ”) are  committed to conducting their business in accordance with all applicable laws and  the highest standards of business ethics. This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the “ Code ”) contains  general guidelines for conducting the business of the Company. In gen eral, employees should strive to  comply with the law and conduct business honestly, fairly and in the best interests of the Company. To  the extent this Code requires a higher standard than required by commercial practice or applicable laws,  we adhere to th ese higher standards.  This Code applies to all of the directors, officers, employees and advisors of the Company,  whether they work for the Company on a full- time, part- time, consultative, or temporary basis. We refer  to these persons as our “ employees .” W e also refer to our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, Chief  Financial Officer, our other executives and any other persons who perform similar functions for the  Company as “ executive officers .”  It is the Company’s policy that any employee who violates this  Code will be subject to discipline,  which may include termination of employment. If your conduct as an employee of the Company does not  comply with the law or with this Code, there may be serious, adverse consequences for both you and the  Company.  Seeking  Help and Information  This Code is not intended to be a comprehensive rulebook and cannot address every situation that  you may face. If you feel uncomfortable about a situation or know of or suspect a violation of this Code,  seek help. We encourage you to  contact your supervisor first. If you do not feel comfortable contacting  your supervisor, contact the compliance officer (the “ Compliance Officer ”) of the Company, who shall be  a person appointed by the Board of Directors of the Company (the “ Board ”). If y ou have any questions  regarding the Code or would like to report any violation of the Code, please call or e - mail the Compliance  Officer. Any questions or violations of the Code involving an executive officer should be directed or  reported to any of the in dependent director on our Board or the members of the appropriate committee of  our Board, and any such questions or violations will be reviewed directly by the Board or the appropriate  committee of the Board.  Reporting Violations of the Code  Employees have  a duty to report any known or suspected violation of this Code, including any  violation of laws, rules, regulations or policies that apply to the Company. Reporting a known or  suspected violation of this Code will not be considered an act of disloyalty, b ut an effort to safeguard the  reputation and integrity of the Company and its employees.  All questions and reports of known or suspected violations of this Code will be treated with  sensitivity and discretion. The Compliance Officer, the Board or the appr opriate committee of the Board  and the Company will protect your confidentiality to the greatest extent consistent with the law and the  Company’s need to investigate your concern.

2  Policy Against Retaliation  The Company prohibits retaliation against an empl oyee who, in good faith, seeks help or reports  known or suspected violations. An employee inflicting reprisal or retaliation against another employee for  reporting a known or suspected violation may be subject to disciplinary actions, including termination  of  employment.  Waivers of the Code  Waivers of this Code  may  be made only by the Board or the appropriate committee of the Board  and will be promptly disclosed to the public as required by law or the rules of the New York Stock  Exchange. Waivers of this Co de will be granted on a case - by- case basis and only in extraordinary  circumstances.  COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS, REGULATIONS AND POLICIES  Employees have an obligation to comply with all laws, rules and regulations applicable to the  Company’s operations. These inc lude, without limitation, laws covering bribery and kickbacks,  copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, information privacy, insider trading, illegal political  contributions, antitrust prohibitions, foreign corrupt practices, offering or receiving gratuit ies,  environmental hazards, employment discrimination or harassment, occupational health and safety, false or  misleading financial information or misuse of corporate assets. It is your responsibility to understand and  comply with the laws, regulations and  policies that are relevant to your position. If any doubt exists about  whether a course of action is lawful, you should seek advice from your supervisor or the Compliance  Officer.  Failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations can result in civil a nd criminal liability  against you and the Company, as well as disciplinary action by the Company against you, including  termination of employment. You should contact the Compliance Officer if you have any questions about  the laws, regulations and policies  that may apply to you.  The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act  The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the “ FCPA ”) prohibits the Company and its employees  and agents from offering, promising or giving, directly or indirectly, money or any other item of value to  win or retain business or to influence any act or decision of any governmental official (including  employees of any state - owned or state - controlled entities), political party, candidate for political office or  official of a public international organizatio n. This prohibition also extends to payments to a sales  representative or agent if there is reason to believe that the payment will be used indirectly for a  prohibited payment to foreign officials. Violation of the FCPA by employees and agents is a crime t hat  can subject the Company (including any U.S. citizen or green card - holding employees) to severe fines  and criminal penalties.  Any violations shall result in appropriate disciplinary action by the Company,  including termination of employment.  Health and  Safety  The Company is committed not only to complying with all relevant health and safety laws, but  also to conducting business in a manner that protects the safety of its employees. Employees are required  to comply with all applicable health and safety l aws, regulations and policies relevant to their jobs. If you  have any concerns about unsafe conditions or tasks that present a risk of injury to you, please report these  concerns immediately to your supervisor or the Human Resources Department.

3  Employment  Practices  The Company pursues fair employment practices in every aspect of its business. The following is  intended to be a summary of our employment policies and procedures. Copies of our detailed policies are  available from the Human Resources Department.  Employees must comply with all applicable labor and  employment laws, including anti - discrimination laws and laws related to freedom of association, privacy  and collective bargaining. It is your responsibility to understand and comply with the laws, regula tions  and policies that are relevant to your job. Failure to comply with labor and employment laws can result in  civil and criminal liability against you and the Company as well as disciplinary action by the Company  against you, including termination of em ployment. You should contact the Compliance Officer or the  Human Resources Department if you have any questions about the laws, regulations and policies that  apply to you.  CONFLICTS OF INTEREST  A conflict of interest occurs  when  an employee’s private inter est interferes, or appears to  interfere, in any way with the interests of the Company as a whole. You should actively avoid any private  interest that may influence your ability to act in the interests of the Company or that may make it difficult  to perform  your work objectively and effectively.  It is difficult to list all of the ways in which a conflict of interest may arise. However, in general,  the following may create conflicts of interest:    Outside Employment.  No employee may be concurrently employed by,  serve as a director of,  trustee for or provide any services not in his or her capacity as an employee to any entity,  whether for- profit or non - profit, that is a material customer, financial institution, service  provider, supplier or competitor of the Comp any or any entity whose interests would  reasonably be expected to conflict with the Company.    Financial Interests.  No employee should have a significant financial interest (ownership or  otherwise) in any company that is a material customer, financial insti tution, service provider,  supplier or competitor of the Company or any entity whose interests would reasonably be  expected to conflict with the Company. A “significant financial interest” means (i) ownership  of greater than 1% of the equity of a material c ustomer, financial institution, service provider,  supplier or competitor or (ii) an investment in a material customer, financial institution,  service provider, supplier or competitor that represents more than 5% of the total assets of the  employee.    Loans o r Other Financial Transactions.  No employee may obtain loans or guarantees of  personal obligations from, or enter into any other personal financial transaction with, any  company that is a material customer, financial institution, service provider, supplier  or  competitor of the Company. This guideline does not prohibit arm’s length transactions with  recognized online financial services providers, banks or other financial institutions.    Family Situations.  The actions of family members outside the workplace may  also give rise to  conflicts of interest because they may influence an employee’s objectivity in making  decisions on behalf of the Company. If a member of an employee’s family is interested in  doing business with the Company, the criteria as to whether to  enter into or continue the  business relationship, and the terms and conditions of the relationship, must be no less  favorable to the Company compared with those that would apply to a non- relative seeking to  do business with the Company under similar circum stances.

4  Employees should report any situation involving family members that could reasonably be  expected to give rise to a conflict of interest to their supervisor or the Compliance Officer. For  purposes of this Code, “family members” or “members of your  family” include your spouse,  brothers, sisters and parents, in- laws and children.  For purposes of this Code, a company is a “material” customer if the company has made  payments to the Company in the past year in excess of US$100,000 or 10% of the customer’ s gross  revenues, whichever is greater. A company is “material” financial institution if the company has funded  more than 10% of the aggregate principal amount of the financing transactions facilitated by the  Company in the past year. A company is a “mater ial” service provider or supplier if the company has  received payments from the Company in the past year in excess of US$100,000 or 10% of the service  provider or supplier’s gross revenues, whichever is greater. A company is a “material” competitor if the  company competes in the Company’s line of business and has annual gross revenues from such line of  business in excess of US$500,000. If you are uncertain whether a particular company is a material  customer, financial institution, service provider, supplier  or competitor, please contact the Compliance  Officer for assistance.  Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest  The Company requires that employees fully disclose any situations that could reasonably be  expected to give rise to a conflict of interest. If you sus pect that you have a conflict of interest, or  something that others could reasonably perceive as a conflict of interest, you must report it immediately  to the Compliance Officer. Conflicts of interest may only be waived by the Board or the appropriate  comm ittee of the Board and will be promptly disclosed to the public to the extent required by law.  CORPORATE OPPORTUNITIES  As an employee of the Company, you have an obligation to advance the Company’s interests  when the opportunity to do so arises. If you di scover or are presented with a business opportunity that is  in the Company’s line of business through the use of corporate property or corporate information or  because of your position at the Company, you should first present the business opportunity to th e  Company before pursuing the opportunity in your individual capacity. Employees may not use corporate  property or corporate information or their positions with the Company in any way that may deprive the  Company of any benefit or subject it to any harm.  Y ou should disclose to your supervisor the terms and conditions of each business opportunity  covered by this Code that you wish to pursue. Your supervisor will contact the Compliance Officer and  the appropriate management personnel to determine whether the  Company wishes to pursue the business  opportunity. Once the Company grants you permission, you may pursue the business opportunity on the  same terms and conditions as those originally offered to the Company and to the extent that it is  consistent with othe r ethical guidelines set forth in the Code.  CORPORATE ASSETS AND CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION  Employees have a duty to protect the Company’s assets and ensure their efficient use for  legitimate business purposes only. Theft, carelessness and waste have a direc t impact on the Company’s  profitability. The Company’s files, computers, networks, software, phone system and other business  resources are provided for business use only and they are the exclusive property of the Company. The use  of the Company’s funds or  assets, whether or not for personal gain, for any unlawful or improper purpose  is prohibited. All inventions, creative works, computer software, and technical or trade secrets developed  by an employee in the course of performing the employee’s duties or pr imarily through the use of the

5  Company’s materials and technical resources while working at the Company, shall be property of the  Company.  To ensure the protection and proper use of the Company’s assets, employees should exercise  reasonable care to prevent  theft, damage or misuse of Company property. In the event of actual or  suspected theft, damage or misuse of Company’s property, employees should report such activities  directly to a supervisor.  Employees should be aware that Company’s property includes al l data and communications  transmitted or received by, or contained in, the Company’s electronic or telephonic systems. The  Company’s property also includes all written communications. Employees and other users of the  Company’s property should have no expec tation of privacy with respect to these communications and  data. To the extent permitted by law, the Company has the ability, and reserves the right, to monitor all  electronic and telephonic communications. These communications may also be subject to discl osure to  law enforcement or government officials.  Safeguarding Confidential Information and Intellectual Property  Employees have access to a variety of confidential information while employed by the Company.  Confidential information includes all  non - public information that might be of use to competitors, or, if  disclosed, harmful to the Company or its customers, financial institutions, service providers or suppliers.  Every employee has a duty to respect and safeguard the confidentiality of the Com pany’s information and  the information of our customer, financial institution, service provider and supplier, except when  disclosure is authorized by the Company or legally mandated. An employee’s obligation to protect  confidential information continues af ter he or she leaves the Company. Unauthorized disclosure of  confidential information could cause competitive harm to the Company, its customers, financial  institutions, service providers or suppliers and could result in legal liability to you and the Comp any.  Employees also have a duty to protect the Company’s intellectual property and other business  assets. The intellectual property, business systems and the security of the Company property are critical to  the Company.  Any questions or concerns regarding  whether disclosure of the Company’s information is legally  mandated should be promptly directed to the Compliance Officer.  Care must be taken to safeguard and protect confidential information and Company property.  Accordingly, the following measures should  be adhered to:    The Company’s employees should prevent the inadvertent disclosure of confidential  information during or after working hours. For example, documents or electronic devices  containing confidential information should be stored in a secure locat ion. Also, review of  confidential documents or discussion of confidential subjects in public places (e.g., airplanes,  trains, taxis, and buses) should be conducted so as to prevent disclosure to unauthorized  persons.    Within the Company’s offices, confident ial matters should not be discussed within hearing  range of visitors or others not working on such matters.    Confidential matters should not be discussed with other employees not working on such  matters or with friends or relatives including those living in  the same household as an  employee.

6    Employees should only access, use and disclose the confidential information to the extent that  it is necessary for performing their duties. They should only disclose confidential information  to other employees or busines s partners to the extent that it is necessary for such employees  or business partners to perform their duties on behalf of the Company.  COMPETITION AND FAIR DEALING  Employees are obligated to deal fairly with fellow employees and with the Company’s custome rs,  financial institutions, service providers, suppliers and competitors. Employees should not take unfair  advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information,  misrepresentation or any other unfair practice.  Relationships  with Customers  Our business success depends on fostering long - term customer relationships. The Company is  committed to dealing with customers fairly, honestly and with integrity. Specifically, you should adhere  to the following guidelines:    Information we  supply to customers should be accurate and complete to the best of our  knowledge. Employees should not deliberately misrepresent information to customers.    Information we obtain from customers should be treated with strict confidence and can only  be shared  with other parties after receiving consents from the relevant customers or pursuant  to applicable laws or regulations.  Relationships with Financial Institutions  The Company is committed to dealing with financial institutions fairly, honestly and with  integ rity. Employees should not deliberately misrepresent information to financial institutions.  Relationships with Service Providers and Suppliers  The Company deals fairly and honestly with its service providers and suppliers. This means that  our relationships  with service providers and suppliers are based on price, quality, service and reputation,  among other factors. Employees dealing with service providers or suppliers should carefully guard their  objectivity. Specifically, no employee should accept or solic it any personal benefit from a service  provider or supplier or potential service provider or supplier that might compromise, or appear to  compromise, their objective assessment of the service provider’s services and prices or supplier’s  products and prices . Employees can give or accept promotional items of nominal value or moderately  scaled entertainment within the limits of responsible and customary business practice. Please see “Gifts  and Entertainment” below for additional guidelines in this area.  Relati onships with Competitors  The Company is committed to free and open competition in the marketplace. Employees should  avoid actions that would be contrary to laws governing competitive practices in the marketplace,  including antitrust laws. Such actions incl ude misappropriation or misuse of a competitor’s confidential  information or making false statements about the competitor’s business and business practices.

7  GIFTS AND ENTERTAINMENT  The giving and receiving of gifts is a common business practice. Appropriat e business gifts and  entertainment are welcome courtesies designed to foster relationships with business partners. However,  gifts and entertainment should not compromise, or appear to compromise, your ability to make unbiased  business decisions.  It is your  responsibility to use good judgment in this area. As a general rule, you may exchange  gifts with customers, financial institutions, service providers or suppliers only if such gifts would not be  viewed as an inducement or reward for any particular busines s decision. All gifts and entertainment  expenses should be properly accounted for on expense reports. The following specific examples may be  helpful:    Meals and Entertainment.  You may occasionally accept or give meals, refreshments or other  entertainment if :    The items are a reasonable value;    The purpose of the meeting or attendance at the event is related to the Company’s  business; and    The expenses would be paid by the Company as a reasonable business expense if not paid  for by another party.    Advertising  and Promotional Materials.  You may occasionally accept or give advertising or  promotional materials of nominal value.    Personal Gifts.  You may accept or give personal gifts of reasonable value that are related to  recognized special occasions such as a gradu ation, promotion, new job, wedding, retirement  or a holiday. A gift is also acceptable if it is based on a family or personal relationship and  unrelated to the business involved between the individuals.    Gifts Rewarding Accomplishments.  You may accept a gif t from a civic, charitable or  religious organization specifically related to your accomplishments.  You must be particularly careful that gifts and entertainment are not construed as bribes,  kickbacks or other improper payments. See “The Foreign Corrupt Pra ctices Act” above for a more  detailed discussion of our policies regarding giving or receiving gifts related to business transactions.  You should make every effort to refuse or return a gift that is beyond these permissible  guidelines. If it would be inapp ropriate to refuse a gift or you are unable to return a gift, you should  promptly report the gift to your supervisor. Your supervisor will bring the gift to the attention of the  Compliance Officer, who may require you to donate the gift to an appropriate c ommunity organization. If  you have any questions about whether it is permissible to accept a gift or something else of value, contact  your supervisor or the Compliance Officer for additional guidance.  COMPANY RECORDS  Accurate and reliable records are cruci al to our business. Our records are the basis of our earnings  statements, financial reports and other disclosures to the public and guide our business decision- making  and strategic planning. Company records include booking information, payroll, timecards,  travel and

8  expense reports, e- mails, accounting and financial data, measurement and performance records, electronic  data files and all other records maintained in the ordinary course of our business.  All Company records must be complete, accurate and relia ble in all material respects.  Undisclosed or unrecorded funds, payments or receipts are inconsistent with our business practices and  are prohibited. You are responsible for understanding and complying with our record- keeping policy.  ACCURACY OF FINANCIAL R EPORTS AND OTHER PUBLIC COMMUNICATIONS  As a public company we are subject to various securities laws, regulations and reporting  obligations. These laws, regulations and obligations and our policies require the disclosure of accurate  and complete informatio n regarding the Company’s business, financial condition and results of  operations. Inaccurate, incomplete or untimely reporting will not be tolerated and can severely damage  the Company and result in legal liability.  Employees should be on guard for, and  promptly report, any possibility of inaccurate or  incomplete financial reporting. Particular attention should be paid to financial results that seem  inconsistent with the performance of the underlying business, transactions that do not seem to have an  obvi ous business purpose and requests to circumvent ordinary review and approval procedures.  Employees with information relating to questionable accounting or auditing matters may also  confidentially, or anonymously, submit the information in writing to the Co mpany’s audit committee of  the Board.  It is essential that the Company’s financial records, including all filings with the Securities and  Exchange Commission (“ SEC ”), be accurate and timely. Accordingly, in addition to adhering to the  conflict of interest  policy and other policies and guidelines in this Code, the executive officers and other  principal financial officers must take special care to exhibit integrity at all times and to instill this value  within their organizations. In particular, these senior  officers must ensure that they abide by all public  disclosure requirements by providing full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosures, and that  they comply with all other applicable laws and regulations. The executive officers and other princ ipal  financial officers must also understand and strictly comply with generally accepted accounting principles  in the U.S. and all standards, laws and regulations for accounting and financial reporting of transactions,  estimates and forecasts.  In addition,  U.S. federal securities laws require the Company to maintain proper internal books  and records and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls. The SEC has  supplemented the statutory requirements by adopting rules that prohib it (1) any person from falsifying  records or accounts subject to the above requirements and (2) officers or directors from making any  materially false, misleading or incomplete statement to an accountant in connection with an audit or any  filing with the S EC. These provisions reflect the SEC’s intent to discourage officers, directors and other  persons with access to the Company’s books and records from taking action that might result in the  communication of materially misleading financial information to the  investing public.  Employees are prohibited from directly or indirectly taking any action to coerce, manipulate,  mislead or fraudulently influence the Company’s independent auditors for the purpose of rendering the  financial statements of the Company mater ially misleading. Prohibited actions include, but are not limited  to, those actions taken to coerce, manipulate, mislead or inappropriately influence an auditor to:    issue or reissue a report on the Company’s financial statements that is not warranted in th e  circumstances (due to material violations of U.S. GAAP, generally accepted auditing  standards or other professional or regulatory standards);

9    not perform audit, review or other procedures required by generally accepted auditing  standards or other profess ional standards;    withdraw an issued report; or    not communicate matters to the Company’s audit committee of the Board.  PROHIBITION OF INSIDER TRADING  The Company has an insider trading policy, which may be obtained from the Compliance Officer.  The following  is a summary of some of the general principles relevant to insider trading, and should be  read in conjunction with the aforementioned specific policy.  Employees are prohibited from trading in shares or other securities of the Company while in  possession o f material, nonpublic information about the Company. Prohibition on insider trading applies  to members of the employees’ family and anyone else sharing the home of the employees. Therefore,  employees must use discretion when discussing work with friends or  family members as well as other  employees. In addition, employees are prohibited from recommending, “tipping” or suggesting that  anyone else buy or sell shares or other securities of the Company on the basis of material, nonpublic  information. Employees w ho obtain material nonpublic information about another company in the course  of their employment are prohibited from trading in shares or securities of the other company while in  possession of such information or “tipping” others to trade on the basis of s uch information. Violation of  insider trading laws can result in severe fines and criminal penalties, as well as disciplinary action by the  Company, including termination of employment.  Information is “non - public” if it has not been made generally availabl e to the public by means of  a press release or other means of widespread distribution. Information is “material” if a reasonable  investor would consider it important in a decision to buy, hold or sell stock or other securities. As a rule  of thumb, any info rmation that would affect the value of stock or other securities should be considered  material. Examples of information that is generally considered “material” include:    Financial results or forecasts, or any information that indicates the Company’s financi al  results may exceed or fall short of forecasts or expectations;    Important new products or services;    Pending or contemplated acquisitions or dispositions, including mergers, tender offers or joint  venture proposals;    Possible management changes or changes  of control;    Pending or contemplated public or private sales of debt or equity securities;    Engagement or loss of a significant business partner or contract;    Significant write- offs;    Initiation or settlement of significant litigation; and    Changes in the  Company’s auditors or a notification from its auditors that the Company may  no longer rely on the auditor’s report.

10  The laws against insider trading are specific and complex. Any questions about information you  may possess or about any dealings you have h ad in the Company’s securities should be promptly brought  to the attention of the Compliance Officer.  PUBLIC COMMUNICATIONS AND PREVENTION OF SELECTIVE DISCLOSURE  The Company places a high value on its credibility and reputation in the community. What is  w ritten or said about the Company in the news media and investment community directly impacts our  reputation, positively or negatively. Our policy is to provide timely, accurate and complete information in  response to public requests (e.g., media, analysts) , consistent with our obligations to maintain the  confidentiality of competitive and proprietary information and to prevent selective disclosure of  market- sensitive financial data. To ensure compliance with this policy, all news media or other public  reque sts for information regarding the Company should be directed to the Company’s Investor Relations  Department. The Investor Relations Department will work with you and the appropriate personnel to  evaluate and coordinate a response to the request.  Prevention  of Selective Disclosure  Preventing selective disclosure is necessary to comply with U.S. securities laws and to preserve  the reputation and integrity of the Company as well as that of all persons affiliated with it. “Selective  disclosure” occurs when any  person provides potentially market- moving information to selected persons  before the news is available to the investing public generally. Selective disclosure is a crime under U.S.  law and the penalties for violating the law are severe.  The following guide lines have been established to avoid improper selective disclosure. Every  employee is required to follow these procedures:    All contact by the Company with investment analysts, the press and/or members of the media  shall be made through the chairman, the ch ief executive officer, chief financial officer or  persons designated by them (collectively, the “Media Contacts”).    Other than the Media Contacts, no officer, director or employee shall provide any potentially  market- moving information regarding the Company  or its business to any investment analyst  or member of the press or media.    All inquiries from persons such as industry analysts or members of the media about the  Company or its business should be directed to a Media Contact. All presentations to the  inves tment community regarding the Company will be made by us under the direction of a  Media Contact.    Other than the Media Contacts, any employee who is asked a question regarding the  Company or its business by a member of the press or media shall respond with  “No  comment” and forward the inquiry to a Media Contact.  These procedures do not apply to the routine process of making previously released information  regarding the Company available upon inquiries made by investors, investment analysts and members of  th e media.  Please contact the Compliance Officer if you have any questions about the scope or application of  the Company’s policies regarding selective disclosure.

11  ENVIRONMENT  Employees should strive to conserve resources and reduce waste and emissions throu gh recycling  and other conservation measures. You have a responsibility to promptly report any known or suspected  violations of environmental laws or any events that may result in a discharge or emission of hazardous  materials.  HARASSMENT AND DISCRIMINATI ON  The Company is committed to providing equal opportunity and fair treatment to all individuals on  the basis of merit, without discrimination because of race, color, religion, national origin, sex (including  pregnancy), sexual orientation, age, disability , veteran status or any other characteristic protected by law.  The Company prohibits harassment in any form, whether physical or verbal and whether committed by  supervisors, non- supervisory personnel or non- employees. Harassment may include, but is not lim ited to,  offensive sexual flirtations, unwanted sexual advances or propositions, verbal abuse, sexually or racially  degrading words, or the display of sexually suggestive objects or pictures.  If you have any complaints about discrimination or harassment, r eport such conduct to your  supervisor or the Human Resources Department. All complaints will be treated with sensitivity and  discretion. Your supervisor, the Human Resources Department and the Company will protect your  confidentiality to the extent possibl e, consistent with the law and the Company’s need to investigate your  concern. Where our investigation uncovers harassment or discrimination, we will take prompt corrective  action, which may include disciplinary action against the perpetrator such as termi nation of employment.  The Company strictly prohibits retaliation against an employee who files a complaint in good faith.  Any manager who has reason to believe that an employee has been the victim of harassment or  discrimination or who receives a report of  alleged harassment or discrimination is required to report it to  the Human Resources Department immediately.  CONCLUSION  This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics contains general guidelines for conducting the  business of the Company consistent with the hig hest standards of business ethics. If you have any  questions about these guidelines, please contact your supervisor or the Compliance Officer. We expect all  employees to adhere to these standards.  This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, as applied to th e Company’s executive officers, shall  be our “code of ethics” within the meaning of Section 406 of the SarbanesOxley Act of 2002 and the  rules promulgated thereunder.  This Code and the matters contained herein are neither a contract of employment nor a  gu arantee of continuing Company policy. We reserve the right to amend, supplement or discontinue this  Code and the matters addressed herein, without prior notice, at any time.


</Automotive_China_XPeng_2024.pdf>