This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Automotive_Japan_Toyota Motor_2023.pdf>

CODE  OF  CONDUCT  Effective date: October 2023

During the 14 years that I was engaged as President  of Toyota Motor Corporation, I worked to advance  Toyota’s philosophy of producing happiness for all.  By continuously saying “Let’s make ever-better  cars,” “Let’s aim to be the best in town, not the best  in the world,” and “Let’s work for someone other  than oneself,” I have personally taken the helm and  continued to demonstrate Toyota’s philosophy, skills  and behaviors on the ground, through actions.  If we think in terms of “the best in town,” we can learn from  the feedback we receive from our customers, both positive and  negative. When we strive to “make ever-better cars,” we realize that there are things that we  achieve best when working together. And when we view the entire process from development  to after-sales service, we can recognize that cars are deeply involved with the customer’s life.  I cherish the story of car making, and the protagonist of that story is everyone, including the  customers and stakeholders, and each and every individual working at Toyota’s gemba.  The significant turning point that made me think this way was the series of recalls I faced  immediately after becoming president. In response to that issue, on February 24, 2010,  I attended a congressional hearing in the United States, proudly representing TMC.  Toyota’s colleagues at the gemba supported me as I addressed the hearing. They conducted  tests day and night to pursue the truth. It was because of the diligent efforts of these gemba  workers that I was able to promise the people around the world at the congressional hearing  that “Toyota would not run away, lie, or distort the truth.”  As manufacturing is a human endeavor, especially when aiming for ever-better cars, failures and  mistakes are inevitable. The important thing is that when we experience failures or mistakes,  everyone must always stop, investigate the true cause by genchi-gembutsu, make kaizen and  work towards preventing recurrence.  In the daily challenges faced at the gemba, amidst various pressures and changes, I believe that  each person is diligently doing their best in their respective roles. In such circumstances, leaders  involved in management and the executive team should strive to identify and thoroughly enforce  the actions that must never be done, while creating an environment where frontline members  can think for themselves and take action.  Now, Toyota’s authority lies in the hands of the frontline, who think and act for themselves.  Let us realize Toyota’s mission of “producing happiness for all” through the actions of each and  every individual.  Akio Toyoda  Chairman of the Board of Directors  CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  2

Since its founding, Toyota has valued creating cars  that make customers smile and enriching society  through car manufacturing. Despite experiencing  crises, such as a rapid expansion followed  by financial losses and recall issues, Toyota’s  chairman, Mr. Toyoda, led the company for 14  years with the mission of transforming it into a  company that fulfills this purpose. Under the slogans  of “Let’s make ever-better cars,” “Let’s become the best  company in town,” and “Let’s take action for someone  other than oneself,” Toyota has made efforts to regain  its “Toyota-ness.”  By returning to the origins of being a “car maker,” earnestly sweating at the gemba, and focusing  on cars for the sake of customer smiles, our products have undergone significant changes. We  believe that we have also acquired strength as a company that will not stop moving forward even  in times of crisis.  Today, we’re in an era of rapid environmental changes and uncertainty. That is why it is essential  for us to have a steady axis. We must not lose the regained values and must never go back to the  way things were. It is crucial to inherit the “Toyota-ness” with a strong determination and increase  the volume of practical applications towards future evolution based on those values.  The most important thing is “action.” Changes in values and consciousness will always lead to  changes in actions. Only by continuously demonstrating through actions can those values  widely permeate.  In all daily tasks, “doing work with integrity,” “doing the right thing” and “raising your voice and  making improvements immediately if you think something is wrong” are the behaviors that each  individual accumulates, leading to the foundation of a growing company that receives empathy  and support from society. The “Toyota Code of Conduct” serves as a guide to encourage such  actions.  With the Toyota Code of Conduct as our foundation, we aim to protect and nurture a corporate  culture where each individual thinks, acts and continues to improve. With the mission of  “producing happiness for all” in our hearts, let us continue to act in a Toyota-like manner,  pushing forward with even better car manufacturing to change the future of cars.  Koji Sato  President  CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  3

Speak Up  Speak Up Resources  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  3 3  Non-Retaliation Commitment  . . . . . . . . . .  3 3  THE PURPOSE OF  TOYOTA’S CODE  of  CONDUCT  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  5  TOYODA P RINCIPLES  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  7  TOYOTA PHILOSOPHY  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  8  CHAPTER 1  With  People  Harmonious, Safe and Lively  Work Environment  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  10  Human Rights  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  11  Personal Information  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  12  CHAPTER 2  With  Society  Environment  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1 4  Traffic Safety Activities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1 5  Philanthropy and  Community Relations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1 6  Government Relations and  Political Activities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  1 7  Corporate Communication Activities . . . . .  1 8  CHAPTER 3  With  Integrity  Product Safety and Quality  . . . . . . . . . . . .  20  Research and Development Activities  . . . .  21  Procurement Activities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  22  Sales Activities and Fair Competition  . . . .  2 3  International Business Activities  . . . . . . . .  2 4  Accurate Record Keeping  . . . . . . . . . . . . .  25  Asset Protection and Confidentiality  . . . . .  26  Insider Trading  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  27  CHAPTER 4  With  Fairness  Anti-Br ibery and Anti-Corruption  . . . . . . .  29  Gifts and Hospitality  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  30  Anti-Money Laundering . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  31  Conflicts of Int erest  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  3 2  Menu  CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  4

CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  5  CODE  OF  CONDUCT  Toyota’s values, methods and corporate philosophy were developed through  years of diligent effort and passed down from generation to generation to  contribute to the sustainable growth of society and to support our daily  business operations.  The Toyota Philosophy was created to reflect the path our company follows.  It is based on the Toyoda Principles, which summarized the teachings of our  founder Sakichi Toyoda, and as a guide for the future. Similarly, the Toyota  Guiding Principles were created as a summary of the management philosophy  of “what kind of company Toyota wants to be,” also based on the Toyoda  Principles. These are all based on Toyota’s unique management thinking,  values and methods that have been passed down since its founding, and they  indicate the direction Toyota should take. In our daily business operations,  the Toyota Way 2020 and the Toyota Code of Conduct are significant pillars  of support for us to practice all of these principles.  Toyota Way 2020 describes the ten actions that all people at Toyota should  take, whereas the Toyota Code of Conduct explains the policies and  commitments that we must be aware of when carrying out business and  social activities.  Toyota Way 2020 and the Toyota Code of Conduct  both summarize how we should behave to accomplish our mission of  “Producing Happiness for All,”  towards the vision of  “Creating Mobility for All.”  THE PURPOSE OF TOYOTA’S

CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  6  This Code of Conduct applies to Toyota Motor Corporation, its board  of directors, all its team members and its consolidated subsidiaries (all  together referred to as “Toyota” in this Code). The Toyota Code of Conduct  covers several important topics, but it does not specifically address every  possible situation.  If you encounter a situation where the right action is not clear, try asking  a few important questions:  If the whole world  learned about my  actions, would I still  feel good about them?  Are my actions consistent  with Toyota’s value, our  policies and Toyota Code  of Conduct?  Would I be proud if  all of my coworkers  learned about what  I’m about to say or do?  1  2  3  If you answer yes to all three, it is likely okay  to proceed. If the answer to any of the  questions is no, stop and ask for help  before you proceed.

TOYODA PRINCIPLES  From the founding up to now, the core of Toyota’s  management has been the Toyoda Principles. They  summarize the guidance from Founder Sakichi Toyoda,  and they are now a part of Toyota’s DNA. There were not  fixed principles for the company at the time of its founding,  but as the size of Toyota’s business expanded, it became  important to clarify our policy and foster consistency  among team members. The Toyoda Principles were  therefore established by the work of Risaburo Toyoda  and Kiichiro Toyoda as Sakichi’s teachings at the fifth  anniversary of Sakichi Toyoda’s death.  ]  Always be faithful to your duties, thereby contributing  to the Company and to the overall good.  ]  Always be studious and creative, striving to stay ahead  of the times.  ]  Always be practical and avoid frivolousness.  ]  Always strive to build a homelike atmosphere at work  that is warm and friendly.  ]  Always have respect for spiritual matters, and  remember to be grateful at all times.  CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  7

In 2020, to move forward in our mission to become a mobility company, Toyota  reflected on the path it has taken so far and has formulated the Toyota Philosophy  as a roadmap for the future.  VALUE  Toyota Way  We unite our three strengths (Software, Hardware and  Partnerships) to create new and unique value that  comes from The Toyota Way  MISSION  Producing Happiness for All  Using our technology, we work towards a future  of convenience and happiness, available to all  VISION  Creating Mobility for All  Toyota strives to raise the quality and  availability of mobility so that individuals,  businesses, municipalities and  communities can do more, while  achieving a sustainable relationship  with our planet  CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  8  TOYOTA PHILOSOPHY

CHAPTER 1  with  People

CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  10  Harmonious,  Safe and Lively  Work Environment  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota respects every team  member’s diversity and works  to create an environment of  trust, respect and dignity where  members can fully and actively be  engaged in their work at Toyota.  ]  Toyota strives to create a safe and  harmonious work environment  that is free from discrimination  and harassment for our team  members.  ]  Toyota complies with the labor  and employment laws and  regulations in effect where we do  business, and provides decent  working conditions to all Toyota  team members.  We respect each other and create a  healthy and safe workplace together.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Work with integrity and make our best  effort by using all of our capabilities.  ]  Listen to everyone’s ideas, so team  members can consider and benefit from  thoughts and opinions that are different.  ]  Never engage in harassment  or discrimination.  ]  Promote diversity to solve problems  and innovate.  ]  Follow safe practices  and procedures and abide  by regulations.  ]  Report immediately injuries or illnesses  that could impact workplace safety and  help prevent unsafe conditions from  happening again.  PEOPLE  SOCIETY  INTEGRITY  FAIRNESS

SOCIETY  INTEGRITY  FAIRNESS PEOPLE  OUR RESOURCE  Global Human Rights Policy  Human Rights  We protect human rights.  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota respects the human rights  of our team members, customers  and all people involved in our  business activities.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Respect the Universal Declaration  of Human Rights and the United  Nations Guiding Principles on  Business and Human Rights, and  follow Toyota’s Global Human  Rights Policy.  ]  Comply with international human  rights obligations, applicable laws  and regulations and Toyota’s local  rules and policies about wages,  benefits and terms of employment,  as well as prohibitions against child,  forced or bonded labor.  ]  Screen potential business partners  using appropriate risk-based due  diligence processes to identify,  prevent and mitigate negative  human rights impacts.  CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  11

CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  12  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota complies with applicable  laws and regulations when  handling personal information.  Toyota practices Privacy by Design,  by taking privacy considerations  into account early in the  development and operation of  products and services.  ]  By cooperating and coordinating  on privacy issues across all  business functions throughout  the enterprise, Toyota works  to create and sustain an  appropriate personal information  management system.  ]  Toyota promotes a corporate  culture that respects privacy  via  continuous training and education.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Carefully and sincerely listen  to and consider consumer  feedback on privacy issues.  ]  Use consumer personal  information responsibly to  develop products and services  tailored to the consumer with  a goal of achieving consumer  happiness and satisfaction.  ]  Ensure that personal  information is managed and  processed throughout the  enterprise in a manner that  complies with applicable laws  and regulations.  SOCIETY  INTEGRITY  Personal Information  We respect the privacy of our  customers and employees and  protect their personal information.  FAIRNESS PEOPLE

CHAPTER 2  with  Society

CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  14  Environment  We aim to reduce our environmental  footprint and contribute to the  sustainable development of society.  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota is dedicated to providing  clean and safe products.  ]  Toyota proactively seeks strong  environmental performance  through our Toyota Earth Charter  and the Toyota Environmental  Challenge 2050.  ]  Toyota works toward a better  understanding of environmental  impacts at all life-cycle stages of  our products.  ]  Toyota continues to promote  environmental initiatives in our  business activities in cooperation  with our suppliers, dealers and  other business partners.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Comply with international  environmental standards  and take positive actions to  address the local community’s  environmental concerns.  ]  Anticipate and evaluate impacts  on the environment and avoid  or reduce known risks.  PEOPLE  SOCIETY  INTEGRITY  OUR RESOURCES  Toyota Earth Charter  Toyota Environmental Challenge 2050  FAIRNESS

Traffic  Safety Activities  We aim to reduce fatalities from  traffic accidents to zero.  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota aims to reduce fatalities  from traffic accidents to zero.  ]  Toyota’s Integrated Three Part  Initiative, involving people, vehicles  and the traffic environment,  works to raise awareness of traffic  safety in society as a whole and  to promote safety measures.  Toyota also actively participates  in and proposes accident  countermeasures for the “traffic  environment.”  ]  Toyota promotes a wide range  of technological developments  that contribute to traffic safety  and strive to evolve and expand  the use of safety technologies by  implementing them broadly across  our vehicle offerings.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Comply with traffic rules, strive  for good driving that serves as a  model for others and advocate  for traffic safety.  PEOPLE  INTEGRITY  FAIRNESS  CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  15  SOCIETY

CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  16  Philanthropy  and Community  Relations  We contribute to a sustainable society  through philanthropic activities in the  communities where we do business.  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota aims to be the “best-in-  town” where we operate our  business activities.  ]  Toyota’s philanthropy and giving  focuses on the local community.  Toyota contributes to the resolution  of social and regional issues as a  good corporate citizen.  ]  Toyota engages in disaster  prevention activities and  contributes to the recovery of  local communities in the event  of a natural disaster.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Actively take part in  philanthropic initiatives,  such as volunteer activities.  ]  Comply with the local  Donations and Sponsorships  policy and applicable laws  and regulations when making  charitable contributions.  ]  Do not offer charitable  contributions to improperly  secure a business advantage  for Toyota.  PEOPLE  SOCIETY  INTEGRITY  OUR RESOURCE  Global Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy  FAIRNESS

CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  17  Government Relations  and Political Activities  We contribute to a sustainable  society by engaging in political  activities responsibly.  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota maintains proper  and transparent relations  with the government.  ]  Toyota’s relationships with  political parties or administrative  bodies (government agencies  and officials) are also fair and  transparent, and we comply with  applicable laws and regulations.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Maintain healthy and transparent  relationships with political  and administrative bodies and  government officials.  ]  Comply with the local Donations  and Sponsorships policy and  applicable laws and regulations  when making political  contributions, which must not be  offered or accepted to influence  a decision impacting Toyota or  to otherwise improperly secure a  business advantage.  OUR RESOURCE  Global Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy  PEOPLE  SOCIETY  INTEGRITY  FAIRNESS

CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  18  Corporate  Communication  Activities  We keep our stakeholders informed by  providing accurate and timely information,  and we communicate appropriate  information openly and fairly.  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota endeavors to build  positive relationships with  stakeholders by communicating  accurate, timely and appropriate  information openly and fairly.  ]  Toyota listens to and respects  our stakeholders’ criticisms  and suggestions.  ]  Toyota is respectful and  thoughtful in all of our  communications activities  to prevent harm to people or  to Toyota’s reputation.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Understand the importance of  our brand communications and  ensure that accurate information  is communicated.  ]  Do not make public statements on  Toyota’s behalf or provide comments  to the press unless authorized to  do so. Refer any external inquiries,  including inquiries from the press, to  company authorized messengers.  ]  Make clear that any opinions  expressed using social media on  personal accounts are your own —  and not those of Toyota. Maintain  high standards of ethics and courtesy  both inside the company and outside  the company, including in our online  exchanges.  ]  Keep confidential information (about  Toyota, team members, customers  and business partners) secure and  out of public view.  PEOPLE  INTEGRITY SOCIETY  FAIRNESS

CHAPTER 3  with  Integrity

CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  20  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota places product safety at  the top of our list of values.  ]  Toyota endeavors to engage  in research and development,  design, production, quality  control and after-sales services  to deliver our customers safe,  high-quality products.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Ensure products’ safety and  quality to meet customers’  expectations.  ]  Follow applicable laws and  regulations and Toyota’s  standards and procedures that  are designed to ensure product  safety and quality.  ]  Report and promptly address  any concerns about product  safety or quality.  Product Safety  and Quality  We ensure our products are safe  and of high-quality.  INTEGRITY PEOPLE  SOCIETY  FAIRNESS

PEOPLE  SOCIETY  FAIRNESS INTEGRITY  Research and  Development Activities  We conduct R&D fairly.  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota provides safe and high-  quality products and services.  ]  Toyota strongly promotes  research and development of  advanced technologies.  ]  Toyota does not tolerate  research and development that  violates any applicable laws  or regulations, or breaches  agreements with research and  development partners. Toyota  also does not tolerate the illegal  or unauthorized use of another  party’s intellectual property or  confidential information.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Develop vehicles from the  customers’ perspective  and promote research  and development.  ]  Use our best efforts to build a  relationship of mutual trust.  ]  Respect the intellectual property  rights of others at all times,  including when conducting  research and development and  during production.  CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  21

CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  22  Procurement  Activities  We follow the highest ethical  standards in conducting business with  suppliers and other vendors.  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota aims for mutual growth  based on mutual trust with  the suppliers.  ]  Toyota promotes localization by  procuring local parts and materials.  ]  Toyota selects suppliers based on  fair and reasonable criteria.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Deal fairly and honestly with all suppliers,  regardless of the value of the transaction  or the length of the relationship.  ]  Conduct appropriate due diligence  and select suppliers who meet the  following criteria:  •  Committed to respecting human rights  and responsible sourcing practices;  •  Mindful of Toyota’s commitment to ethical  business practices and diversity; and  •  Able to satisfy our objective criteria  including quality, price, reliability,  technical excellence and delivery.  ]  Avoid conflicts of interest, or the appearance  of them, which could raise a question  about our ability to exercise independent  judgment.  ]  Accept from business partners only gifts  and hospitality that are appropriate and  reasonable in value and comply with local  rules and polices.  PEOPLE  SOCIETY  OUR RESOURCES  Global Human Rights Policy  Supplier Sustainability Guidelines  INTEGRITY  FAIRNESS

CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  23  PEOPLE  SOCIETY  INTEGRITY  FAIRNESS  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota develops products and  services that meet the needs of  our customers, and provides them  through fair competition and  responsible marketing.  ]  Toyota endeavors to build  relationships with dealers based  on mutual trust, and toward a goal  of mutual growth.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Maintain a customer-first mindset.  ]  Market our products in a manner  that is truthful and not misleading.  ]  Ensure that every claim in our  advertisements and marketing  materials is adequately  substantiated as required by law.  ]  Do not discuss or make  agreements with competitors  about pricing, costs, bids, markets,  territories, customers, suppliers or  contract terms and conditions.  ]  Provide financial services that  comply with fair lending principles.  Sales Activities and  Fair Competition  We offer high-quality products and  services that meet customer needs  through fair competition.

CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  24  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota complies with applicable  laws and regulations that apply to  our international operations, and  we respect the culture, customs  and history of local societies.  ]  Toyota promotes our business  activities, contributing to the  development of local economies and  society, and aims to be the “best-in-  town” company in each region.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Respect the culture, customs and  history of each country and region.  ]  Comply with applicable national,  regional and international laws  and regulations, including  those that govern international  trade (exports and imports)  and applicable restrictions on  conducting business with certain  groups, individuals or countries.  ]  Confirm the scope of applicable  sanctions and export controls  requirements, and comply with  local rules and policies.  ]  Maintain accurate and complete  records related to trade  compliance activities, including  classifications, values and country  of origin.  International  Business Activities  We comply with international trade  laws and regulations.  PEOPLE  SOCIETY  INTEGRITY  FAIRNESS

CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  25  Accurate  Record Keeping  We keep accurate records to facilitate  accountability and transparency.  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota creates and maintains  business records with accuracy  and integrity.  ]  Toyota makes accurate, timely  and fair disclosure of our  financial condition.  ]  Toyota pays appropriate taxes.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Record all assets, liabilities,  revenues and expenses  completely, accurately, in the  proper period, in the proper  account and in a timely manner.  ]  Operate more efficiently,  reduce our risk, comply  with regulations and make  responsible business decisions  by keeping complete and  accurate records.  PEOPLE  SOCIETY  INTEGRITY  FAIRNESS

CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  26  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota appropriately protects both  physical assets, such as facilities  and equipment, and intangible  assets, such as intellectual property  and confidential information.  ]  Toyota manages and protects  confidential information and  uses such information in an  appropriate manner.  ]  Toyota is committed to  continuously improving our security  systems, including our systems  for managing and responding to  data security breaches or other  information leaks.  ]  Toyota takes measures to practice  Security by Design by considering  cyber security at early stages of  product development.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Secure company property and preserve  our reputation by handling all our funds  and assets honestly and responsibly in  accordance with local rules and policies.  ]  Recognize that computers, phones  and other electronic devices issued  to us by Toyota are Toyota’s property,  and we use those devices with that  ownership in mind.  ]  Ensure that Toyota’s assets are not  damaged, abused, wasted, lost or stolen,  and report any misuse of assets.  ]  Take reasonable steps to secure  the company’s assets from external  attacks and guard against risks to the  company’s confidential information,  IT systems and plant facilities.  ]  Always keep security in mind when  handling technology, information,  IT systems and when navigating  the internet.  ]  Build and maintain the company’s  security culture through continuous  training and education.  Asset Protection  and Confidentiality  We protect our assets, including  confidential information and data.  PEOPLE  SOCIETY  OUR RESOURCE  Information Security Policy  INTEGRITY  FAIRNESS

PEOPLE  SOCIETY  INTEGRITY  FAIRNESS  Insider Trading  We do not trade on or communicate  material nonpublic information.  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota possesses material  nonpublic information, and we  safeguard that information from  improper disclosure or use.  ]  Toyota does not engage in insider  trading or tolerate insider trading  by team members.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Keep material nonpublic  information secure.  ]  Within the company, share material  nonpublic information only with  those who need to know.  ]  Never disclose material nonpublic  information to anyone outside  the company, including family  members, friends and social media  communities.  ]  Do not use information to buy  or sell securities before that  information has been released  to the public, and the period set  by the company’s local rules and  policies has passed for investors  to evaluate it.  CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  27

CHAPTER 4  with  Fairness

PEOPLE  SOCIETY  CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  29  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota will never offer, pay, solicit  or receive a bribe.  ]  Toyota does not make facilitation  payments.  DEFINITIONS  Bribe  Anything of value in any form  that is offered or given to  improperly influence the actions  of a government official or to  improperly obtain a business  advantage from anyone, even if  offered or given indirectly.  Corruption  Refers to any dishonest conduct  or wrongful misuse of authority  by people in positions of power.  Facilitation payments  Payments to induce a  government official to perform  a routine, nondiscretionary task  that the company is already  entitled to.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Do not offer, pay, solicit or receive bribes.  ]  Do not make facilitation payments.  ]  Know who we are dealing with and  whether they are a government official,  and interact with them in accordance  with applicable laws and local or  regional regulations.  ]  Comply with the local Gifts and  Hospitality policy, the local Donations  and Sponsorships policy and applicable  laws and regulations when offering or  receiving gifts, hospitality, donations or  any political or charitable contributions.  ]  Comply with the local Human Resources  hiring practices and any applicable  regulations and local rules and policies  before hiring any candidate referred by  a government official or who recently  worked for a government entity.  ]  Know our business partners by ensuring  they are screened according to applicable  risk-based due diligence processes.  ]  Maintain accurate books, records and  accounts that fairly reflect all transactions.  Anti-Bribery and  Anti-Corruption  We do not engage in bribery or  any other forms of corruption.  FAIRNESS INTEGRITY  OUR RESOURCE  Global Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy

CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  30  Gifts and Hospitality  We offer and receive only appropriate  and reasonable gifts and hospitality.  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota acts with integrity in our  interactions with third parties,  and builds strong business  relationships for the long term.  ]  Toyota provides only appropriate  gifts and hospitality within  reasonable amounts for a  legitimate business purpose.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Comply with the local Gifts and  Hospitality policy and applicable laws  and regulations when offering or  receiving gifts and hospitality, which  must not be offered or accepted to  influence a decision impacting Toyota  or to otherwise improperly secure a  business advantage.  ]  Offer gifts or hospitality that are  reasonable in value and only for a  legitimate business purpose, and  accurately record all related expenses.  ]  Do not request gifts or hospitality from  anyone doing business with Toyota.  ]  Only accept gifts or hospitality from  third parties that are appropriate,  reasonable in value and permitted  and approved in accordance with  applicable local rules and policies  (including any value limitations).  Refuse them if such gifts or hospitality  may risk an improper influence over  Toyota’s decision making.  OUR RESOURCE  Global Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy  PEOPLE  SOCIETY  INTEGRITY  FAIRNESS

CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  31  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota conducts business  with reputable customers and  business partners.  ]  Toyota complies with applicable  anti-money laundering laws and  regulations.  ]  Toyota prohibits any money-  laundering activity.  DEFINITION  Money laundering  Occurs when funds or other assets that  originate from criminal offenses are  circulated through the legal economy  to make their source look legitimate.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Check the identity of customers,  suppliers and other business partners  using due diligence processes in place  at your location.  ]  Stay alert for signs of potential money  laundering, which may include attempts  to make large payments in cash, requests  to make an overpayment or requests for  refunds to accounts different from the  ones that issued the payments.  ]  Report any suspicious transaction to the  company in a timely manner so that the  company can take appropriate measures.  Anti-Money  Laundering  We keep Toyota safe from  money-laundering activities.  PEOPLE  SOCIETY  INTEGRITY  FAIRNESS

CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  32  We avoid conflicts of interest.  OUR POLICY  ]  Toyota does not tolerate any  conflicts of interest by our  team members when they are  engaged in Toyota’s business.  OUR COMMITMENT  ]  Act with integrity.  ]  Do what is best for Toyota’s business.  ]  Avoid conflicts of interest, which occur  when personal interests interfere,  or appear to interfere, with the best  interests of Toyota, like the following:  •  Improperly supervising or assisting  in hiring of a family member,  romantic partner or close friend;  •  Competing with Toyota;  •  Using Toyota property, information  or position for personal gain;  •  Having a substantial investment  in a company doing business  with Toyota;  •  Overseeing the relationship with  a third party in which a family  member, romantic partner or close  friend is the key decision maker; and  •  Receiving a gift from a third party  while negotiating a contractual  relationship on Toyota’s behalf.  ]  Disclose to the company any situation,  transaction or relationship that may  give rise to an actual, apparent or  potential conflict of interest. OUR RESOURCE  Global Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy  PEOPLE  SOCIETY  INTEGRITY  Conflicts of Interest  FAIRNESS

CODE  OF  CONDUCT  /  33  Speak Up  The Code covers Toyota’s policies and ways of thinking that we should keep in mind while working  at Toyota. Whenever you’re not sure about the right action to take, or you find known or suspected  misconduct, please consult with your supervisor or company’s internal resources. You can also raise  questions or concerns by contacting your local Speak Up Line or the Global Speak Up Line.  When asking a question or raising a concern, you do not need to have all the details or be certain  that wrongdoing has occurred. It is important to raise the issue so the company can address it in a  timely manner.  Toyota takes violations of the Code seriously, and reviews questions and concerns in a fair and  consistent manner. If the results of an investigation warrant further action, Toyota will work to prevent  similar problems from happening again.  SPEAK UP RESOURCES  There are many ways to speak up.  Supervisors.  Contact your team leader or supervisor, or supervisors from another department.  Internal Resources.  Contact the human resources function, legal function or compliance function or  other related divisions of your company for help.  Speak Up Line.  Contact the Speak Up Line. You can ask questions or report anonymously, where  permitted by local law.  NON-RETALIATION COMMITMENT  Toyota prohibits retaliation against team members for reporting concerns in good faith or for  participating in an investigation. Any retaliation including dismissal, demotion or other similar  employment actions, whether direct or indirect, against such team members is grounds for discipline.  Any attempt to learn the identity of a team member who reported a concern is considered retaliation,  and is also grounds for discipline.  Any such retaliation should be immediately reported using the above Speak Up resources.  Local Speak Up Line  You may have access to a local Speak Up Line in your company.  Please check your company’s resources for access information.  Global Speak Up Line  ToyotaGlobalSpeakUp.com  Email  SpeakUp@toyota.com  Anyone can contact the Global Speak Up Line.  The Global Speak Up Line is staffed by a third party with  a variety of language capabilities.  For more guidance about how to ask questions or raise concerns, please review the  Toyota Speak Up Policy .

Date of Issue October 2023 Toyota Motor Corporation. All rights reserved.  Revised: June 2024


</Automotive_Japan_Toyota Motor_2023.pdf>