This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Automotive_Japan_Suzuki Motor_2016.pdf>

1 / 7  Suzuki Group Code of Conduct  ＜ Message from  President ＞  In May 2015, Companies Act was amended and enacted in Japan to implement  effective  corporate  governance  followed  by  the  introduction  of  the  Corporate  Governance Code  in June by the T okyo Stock Exchange, Inc. In reaction to this  movement, we decided to refo rm the management style in accordance with the Code  and submitted the Corporate Governance Report in December.  During the process of preparing this Report, we examined a number of  points to be  improved in order to reform the management style in accordance with the Code. And  this “Suzuki Group Code of Conduct” is given first priority as it will be the rule book for  all  the  employees  in  Suzuki  Group  companies  to  dedicate  themselves  h ealthily,  efficiently and energetically to their work under “Mission Statement”.  Suzuki will make every effort to  spread and make this  Code of Conduct  well  established among Suzuki Group companies.  Suzuki will take immediate action to  rectify it if any d eviation from this rule occurs.  I expect every one of you to study this Code of Conduct carefully and incorporate  with your daily business.  Mission Statement  1. Develop products of superior value by focusing on the customer  2. Establish a refreshing and  innovative company through teamwork  3. Strive for individual excellence through continuous improvement  12 April, 20 16  Toshihiro Suzuki  Representative Director and President (COO)  Suzuki Motor Corporation

2 / 7  ＜ Scope  and  Application ＞  The Code of Conduct shall be applied to all Directors, Officers and Employees of  Suzuki Motor Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively  referred to as “Suzuki Group”)  Every Suzuki Group company should fully disseminate this Code of Conduct to its  directors, officers and employees and oblige them to observe it in its internal rules  and/or employment agreement and in case of their breach of this Code of Conduct, it  will  be dealt with in accordance with the applicable disciplinary provisions.

－  For our Customers  －  3 / 7  (1)  Realization of products and services of superior value  Suzuki Group will provide customers with products and services exceeding  their  expectation as in line with the spirit “ Develop products of superior value  by focusing on the customer” which i s listed as the first item in our “Mission  Statement”.    We will make every effort to provide products and services that will satisfy  our customers , by standing in our customers’ place at all times.  (2)  Activities on Quality  Suzuki Group will develop and produce high quality products which customers  can use in relief and will provide after - sales services considering customers’  safety and security with f irst priority.  If by any chance a quality related problem occurs, Suzuki Group will devote its  sincere efforts to react on customer’s voice, grasp the problem at an early  stage and take measures with thorough investigation into the causes so that  the custo mer can continue using Suzuki products in relief.    We will never neglect any quality related problem on our product that may  affect  our  customers’  safety  or  security,  noticed  during  development,  production or after - sales service.    We will never lead to a con clusion in our own favour when reacting to  indications from our customers related to the quality on our products.    We  will treat aforesaid quality related problems and customers’ indications  on quality with utmost sincerity, and will devote our best efforts  not to spoil  customers’ trust.

－  For  A  better Working Environment  －  4 / 7  (3)  Respect of Human Right  Suzuki Group will be aware of international norms pertaining to human rights  and respect fundamental human rights with reference to laws in  each country  or region.    We will cooperate with each other as a member of Suzuki Group to create a  working  environment  with  no  discrimination  by  personal  attributes  or  harassment.  (4)  Occupational Safety ・ Traffic Safety  Suzuki Group will review the workplace en vironment to create safe workplace.  Suzuki  Group  will  thoroughly  carry  out  education  on  safety  to  prevent  occurrence of occupational injury.    We will strictly obey rules related to safety so that we can maintain safe  workplace and prevent occurrence of occu pational injury.    We will immediately report to our supervisors for improvement when we  notice any problem related to safety at our workplace.    We will be conscious that we take part in the automobile industry, observe  traffic rules, keep in mind to drive ve hicles safely as a social norm, and  endeavour to prevent traffic accidents while on duty or in private.

－  For  A  better Working Environment  －  5 / 7  (5)  Promoting  Kaizen  Activities and Observing  B asic  Business  R ules  Suzuki Group encourages employees to come up with inventive ideas to  improve  the  workplace.  Suggestions  from  employees  on  Kaizen  will  be  evaluated and effective measures will be adopted and widespread amongst  Suzuki Group companies for a growth of the enti re group.  Suzuki Group will create basic rules on our work for the employees to follow.    We will always think seriously about our business, take the lead in action  and make a proposal to the company when we notice any points of  improvement.    We will thoroughly enforce mutual understanding at our workplace and  communicate over and over again until others comprehend sufficiently.    We will always be conscious of overall  optimization and make efforts to  share information between departments and companies.    We will observe the business rules provided from time to time in each  workplace.

－  For Shareholders and all other Stakeholders  －  6 / 7  (6)  Compliance  While Suzuki Group acknowledges the existence of difference in laws related  to competition such as Antitrust Law and laws related to fare trading by each  country or region, Suzuki Group will grasp the difference and carry out training  on  employees  to  obser ve  laws  and  societal  norms  in  their  respective  countries and regions.  ※  Please  refer  to  appendix  “Compliance  Practical  Examples”  for  compliance  with  respective laws.    We will observe the content of the guidance and training provided by the  company on laws and  societal norms.    We will immediately consult with our supervisors when we notice any  noncompliance or suspected noncompliance by another employee. In case  we think it is improper to consult with our supervisors, we will report to the  Consultation & Reporti ng Desk in our company or those provided by  Suzuki  Motor Corporation.  ※  For  “ Consultation & Reporting Desk”  provided by Suzuki Motor Corporation, please see  the end of this document.  (7)  Environmental Activities  In accordance with the  "Suzuki Global Environment Charter" ,  i n order to  succeed the beautiful earth and affluent society to the next generations, we  must all realize that actions of each and every  one of us have a great effect on  our earth’s future therefore Suzuki Group will make every effort to preserve  global environment.    We will endeavour to produce environmentally friendly products that will be  required by our customers, by contributing to deve lopment and diffusion of  environmentally friendly technology.    We will reduce burden on the environment sauced from our workplace and  devote our sincere efforts to maintain the environment of our workplace  and local community.

－  For Shareholders and all other Stakeholde rs  －  7 / 7  (8)  Refusing relations with antisocial forces  Suzuki Group will thoroughly refuse any relationships with antisocial forces  and organizations which are threatening the order and  safety of civil society.    We will never accept any unreasonable demand from antisocial forces and  organizations on our own decision and will always report to or consult with  our supervisors or related department.  ※  “Antisocial forces” means any group or individuals pursuing illicit financial gain by  violence, power and fraudulence.

Questions  on  Code  of  Conduct?  In case any query or question arose when following this Code of Conduct, please  consult with your supervisor or other responsible person in your company. The person  who was consulted must make every effort to correspond to the consulter. In case you  could  not solve the problem within your departments or within your company, please  inform the related department or the  Corporate Governance Committee Staff Office at  Suzuki Motor Corporation.  Please contact the  Corporate Governance Committee Staff Office in case  you find  content in this Code of Conduct that is not in line with laws in your country / region or  any other international treaty.  Suzuki Motor Corporation  Corporate Planning ,  Corporate Strategy Div.  Sustainability Promotion Dept.  [ Corporate  Governance Committee Staff Office ]

Consultation  &  Reporting  Desk    In case you noticed a breach or a suspicion of  a  breach of this Code of Conduct 、  please take action  following the  below  mentioned flow .  a)  Consult with your supervisor.  b)  In case you think it is improper to consult with your supervisor, please report  through another procedures provided by your company.  c)  In case you think it is improper to consult your  supervisor or to report through  the procedures provided by your company, please report to the External Contact  Point of [Suzuki Group Risk Management Hotline] as listed below. (Reporting in  an anonymous manner is acceptable)  d)  Report to Suzuki’s  I nternal Contact Point of [ Suzuki Group  Risk Management  Hotline ]  ( Reporting in an anonymous manner is acceptable )    We guarantee there will be no disadvantage to the Whistleblower by reporting to the  Hotline. In case any inappropriate action was taken against the Whistleblower, we  will take discharged action or other necessary measures according to law and/or  regulation s against the person who took such action.    Your reporting might allow Suzuki Group to reduce  loss or  damage  by immediate  recognition and action against the problem  therefore please consult or report with  valour.  Contact details of the hotline are not disclosed here.  Contact details of  the hotline are not disclosed here.

Appendix  ≪ Compliance Practical Examples ≫  This  “ Compliance  Practical  Examples ”  has  been  c ompiled  under  Paragraph  6  “ Compliance ”  of  “ Suzuki Group Code of Conduct ”  so that  each and every employee of  Suzuki Group  companies  could  behave  observ ing  applicable  laws.  All  directors, officers  and e mployees of Suzuki Group  companies  are  required  to behave  at least  in accordance with  the  following in the light of legal compliance .  1)  You  shall  not engage in any act to force specific conditions or detriment  on others  or pursuit  your own interests  by  abusing your  superior  position in business trading.  2)  You  shall  not provide inappropriate benefi ts  or  facilities  exceeding  the  standard s  set  by the company  to politicians,  government  officials , etc.  3)  You  shall  always convey accurate information to  regulative  authorit ies .  4)  W hen  doing  business  with  customers ,  suppliers,  government  officials ,  subcontracting companies or competitors, you  shall  not sacrifice interests of the  company  for  your own self - interests or those  of your  relatives  or  friends.  5)  You  shall  properly  treat  confidential  information  of the company which has come to  your knowledge in  the  course  of  your  business  and  shall  not disclose it to a ny  third  party  without the company ’ s  prior  approval .  6)  You shall not  engage in insider trading using unreleased  corporate information.  7)  Recognizing  th at intellectual property and trade secrets are valuable property for  the compan y  and  that providing them to others  whether paid or unpaid  without the  company ’ s approval constitutes a n  offence, you shall not  do  such a  thing .  8)  Recognizing  that obtaining trade secrets of  any other persons  without  their consent  constitutes an offence, you shall not  do such  a  thing.  9)  You  shall  obtain customer information and personal information through proper  procedures  and  take utmost care when handling it  an d  shall  not use it for purposes  for which it was not originally intended when the information was  obtained .  T his  “ Compliance  Practical Examples ”  may be amended from time to time according to  enactment, change or abolishment of the laws and regulations or  situation of the  company or any other  circumstances . We shall notify you immediately in such case.  Date :  April  12 , 2016  Suzuki Motor Corporation  Corporate Planning Office,  Corporate Governance Department  （ Currently,  Corporate Planning,  Corporate  Strategy Div.  Sustainability Promotion Dept. ）


</Automotive_Japan_Suzuki Motor_2016.pdf>