This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Automotive_Japan_Honda Motor_2023.pdf>

Honda Code of Conduct

Honda  1  Code of Conduct  Message  Since its foundation, Honda has strived to become a company society wants to exist by sharing joys with people around the world based on the concepts of “Respect for the Individual” and “The Three Joys,” which are the Fundamental Beliefs of Honda. Honda is now capable of offering value to many customers all around the world through a variety of products in our motorcycle, automobile and Life Creation business areas. I believe that this growth as a company was possible because we have always interacted with our customers and society with sincerity and integrity. In 2016, we formulated the “Honda Code of Conduct” which outlines the sincere conduct that all of us who work at Global Honda must practice. I believe that all Honda associates understand and practice the “Honda Code of Conduct” in your daily work and conduct. Today, the environment surrounding Honda business is undergoing a period of major transformation, and further efforts to address environmental and safety challenges are becoming urgent needs. Honda must continue fulfilling the expectations of society in a timely manner. Moreover, looking toward the future, we will continue offering new value to our customers by fully leveraging the strength of Honda, our originality, and taking on challenges in new areas such as the skies, ocean, outer space and the area of robotics. In the pursuit of these goals, it is essential for us to always be sincere and ethical toward our customers and society. No matter how capable we are to offer excellent products and services, we cannot gain the trust and empathy of our customers and society or hope for further growth unless we conduct ourselves with such sincerity and strong ethics. Regardless of business conditions, we will always maintain sincerity and integrity toward our customers and society, and that is the origin and the immutable belief that is serving as a backbone of Honda. Please continue to have clear awareness that the behaviors and actions of each one of us represent Honda and conduct yourself with sincerity and integrity in accordance with the “Honda Code of Conduct.”  Toshihiro Mibe  Director, President and Representative Executive Officer

Honda  2  Code of Conduct  Introduction  Under the guidance of the Honda Philosophy and as a company empowered by its aspiration to realize people’s dreams, Honda has thus far been able to establish trust with its customers and society by engaging in global business operations and sharing joy with people around the world. As a result of our global deployment, Honda now has associates in numerous countries and regions around the world. Considered conduct grounded on the Honda Philosophy on the part of each individual associate is essential for Honda in reinforcing the trust established with our customers and society. By sincere, we mean free from deceit and hypocrisy and being earnest. Recently, we have established the Honda Code of Conduct as sincere actions that we would like all persons working at Honda around the world to follow. To reinforce the trust of customers and society and make Honda “a company society wants to exist,” all associates including officers and directors of Honda and its subsidiaries (hereinafter referred to as “associates”) (where HM and its subisidiaries are collectively called as the “Honda Group”) should fully understand and comply with the Honda Code of Conduct, and practice sincere and ethical conduct that conforms to the Code. Acts in violation of the Code may be subject to discipline under company policies and applicable laws and regulations.  Responsibilities of the Management  As a member of the management, you should serve as a role model and carry out work under high ethical standards to foster a sincere and ethical corporate culture. You should also strive to foster an organizational culture in which your associates put the Honda Code of Conduct into practice and are able to report or consult any concerns without fear of retaliation. In cases where violations or possible violations of the Code are found, you must not neglect the situation. Instead, you should respond appropriately by taking actions such as reporting to the legal department or compliance & ethics contact line.  Scope of Application  The Honda Code of Conduct applies to associates of the Honda Group. Honda also advocates adherence to the Code on the part of its affiliates.

Honda  3  Code of Conduct  Relationships with Customers  Relationships with Business Partners  Quality of Products and Services  Honda’s policy  Honda strives to provide products and services that exceed the expectations of customers and society. In this sense, it is essential to place the highest priority on quality and safety, voluntarily establish high standards, and respond in an appropriate manner.  Required conduct  I will place the highest priority on the quality and safety of products as well as services, and comply with established standards and procedures. I will also request business partners and distributors/dealers to adhere to Honda’s standards and procedures.  Appropriate Advertising and Publicity  Honda’s policy  Honda engages in advertising, publicity, and sales promotion activities in good faith so as to constantly meet the trust and expectations of customers and society.  Required conduct  I will properly engage in product advertising, publicity, and sales promotion activities to avoid misleading customers.  Compliance with Competition Laws  Honda’s policy  Honda will engage in free and open competition with competitors to maintain its stance as a company trusted by customers and society.  Required conduct  I will comply with competition laws (antitrust laws).  Honda’s policy  Honda will engage in sound business practices under an environment of free and open competition which is built upon mutual trust with suppliers, distributors/dealers, subcontractors and all other business partners, while aiming to build long-term, constructive relationships with them.  Required conduct  I will comply with the following in order to maintain sound relationships with business partners:  I will carry out appropriate procedures in accordance with company policies in selecting business partners, and will comply with laws, regulations, and company policies related to business transactions.  I will not receive from or provide to business partners benefits in the form of goods (both monetary and non-monetary) or entertainment beyond what is generally considered appropriate by society. I will also not use my position or authority to receive improper benefits from interested parties.  Sound Business Practices

Honda  4  Code of Conduct  Relationships with Colleagues / Work Environment Relationships with Honda (Company Assets)  Communication in the Workplace  Honda’s policy  Honda strives to create workplaces in which co-workers can trust one another at all times.  Required conduct  I will strive for smooth communication in the workplace to create a harmonious work environment.  Company Assets  Honda’s policy  Honda will appropriately maintain and manage all company assets, both tangible and intangible, as enterprise resources to achieve its business objectives.  Required conduct  I will appropriately handle company assets and not engage in acts that damage the value of company assets. I will appropriately handle facilities, equipment, tools, products, parts, accessories, items supplied by the company, money, intellectual property, and all other company assets in compliance with company policies and not use them for anything other than for achieving Honda’s business objectives.  Management of Information  Honda’s policy  Honda will appropriately protect and manage confidential information and personal information that it holds for the purpose of conducting proper business operations.  Required conduct  I will appropriately handle confidential information such as internal information, business partner information and personal information of customers and other associates in compliance with laws, regulations, and company policies. I must also refrain from illegitimate use of such information for insider trading or other improper deeds.  Conflicts of Interest  Honda’s policy  As a measure to ensure appropriate business operations, Honda prohibits any conduct by associates that conflict with the interests of Honda.  Required conduct  I will not engage in acts that conflict with the interests of Honda for my own benefit or the benefit of business partners or third parties.  Respect of Human Rights  Honda’s policy  Honda strives to maintain its stance as a company committed to practicing fairness and sincerity and respects human rights.  Required conduct  I will respect fellow associates, interact with them in a sincere and appropriate manner, and never engage in any form of harassment or unjust, discriminatory behavior in the workplace.  Safety and Health  Honda’s policy  Honda will provide a safe and healthy workplace to maintain a pleasant and safe work environment.  Required conduct  I will comply with laws, regulations and company policies related to safety and health, strive to maintain a safe and healthy workplace, as well as prevent and minimize accidents.

Honda  5  Code of Conduct  Relationships with Society  Relationships with Political and Administrative Entities  Traffic Safety  Honda’s policy  Honda will develop advanced safety technologies and engage in activities to promote safe driving with the aim of realizing a safer motorized society.  Individual conduct  I will obey traffic rules, observe good driving etiquette, and endeavor to drive safely.  Environmental Protection  Honda’s policy  Honda actively endeavors to protect the global environment throughout all business activities as a responsible member of society.  Required conduct  I will comply with laws and regulations, company policies, and internal standards related to environmental protection and strive to reduce the burden on the environment by engaging in resource conservation, energy conservation, and recycling.  Contribution to Society  Honda’s policy  Honda strives to contribute to society through its business activities, such as the provision of products and services that exceed the expectations of customers and society. Honda also engages in socially beneficial activities to fulfill its social responsibility as a corporate citizen.  Required conduct  I will fully acknowledge Honda’s basic stance to contribute to society and strive to fulfill our expected roles in the community.  Relationships with Political and Administrative Entities  Honda’s policy  As an independent corporate entity, Honda maintains appropriate relationships with political entities (political organizations and politicians) and administrative entities (governmental agencies and government officials).  Required conduct  I will interact with political and administrative entities in an appropriate manner in compliance with laws, regulations, and company policies and will not offer politicians or government officials entertainment nor gifts (both monetary and non-monetary) that are prohibited by laws, regulations, and company policies.

Honda  6  Code of Conduct  Relationships with Shareholders, Investors, and Other Stakeholders  Timely and Appropriate Disclosure of Information  Honda’s policy  In order to remain a highly transparent company, Honda strives for appropriate communication with customers, business partners, shareholders and investors, local communities, and other stakeholders.  Required conduct  I will appropriately disclose information in compliance with laws, regulations, and company policies when engaging in disclosure of information to outside parties and interact with stakeholders in a courteous manner.  Compliance and Reporting Non-compliance Incidents  Compliance and Ethics  Honda’s policy  Honda continuously carries out initiatives to strengthen compliance in order to reinforce the trust established with society. Persons who work at Honda are also required to comply with relevant laws, regulations, and policies while acting ethically.  Required conduct  I will comply with laws, regulations and company policies. I will act ethically in accordance with social norms and common sense.  Reporting Non-compliance Incidents  Required conduct  If I become aware of any violation or possible violation of laws, regulations or company policies, report the matter, I will submit suggestions, and consult as necessary with my manager, the legal department, or the compliance & ethics contact line*.  *This includes the internal whistleblower hotlines established by the group companies.




</Automotive_Japan_Honda Motor_2023.pdf>