This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Automotive_China_NIO_2022.pdf>

NIO INC.  CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS  ( Adopted by the Board of Director s  of  NIO INC.  on  August 10, 2018 ,  e ffective  u pon the  effectiveness of  its  registration statement on Form F - 1 relating to  it s initial public offering  on September 1 1 , 2018 )  I.  PURPOSE  This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the  “ Code ” ) contains general guidelines for  conducting  the  business  of  NIO  I nc .  and  its  subsidiaries  and  affiliates  (collectively,  the  “ Company ” ) consistent with the highest standards of business ethics,  and is intended to qualify  as a  “ code of ethics ”  within the meaning of Section 406 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 and  the rules promulgated thereunder. To the extent this Code requires a higher standard than  required by commercial practice or applicable  laws, rules or regulations,  the Company  adhere s  to  these higher standards.  This Code is designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote:  •  honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts  of interest between personal  and professional relationships;  •  full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that  the Company files with, or submits to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  (the  “ SEC ” ) and in other public communications made  by the Company;  •  compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations;  •  prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code; and  •  accountability for adherence to the Code.  II.  APPLICABILITY  This Code applies to all directors, officers  and  employees of the  Company, whether they  work for the Company on a full - time, part - time, consultative or temporary basis (each ,  an  “ employee ”  and  collectively,  the  “ employees ” ).  Certain  provisions  of  the  Code  apply  specifically to our chief executive officer, chief financia l officer,  other chief officers,  senior  financ ial  officer, controller,  senior vice presidents,  vice presidents and any other persons who  perform similar functions for the Company (each, a  “ senior officer , ”  and collectively,  the  “ senior officers ” ).  The Board of Directors of  NIO I nc .  (the  “ Board ” ) has appointed  the  C hief  F inancial  O ffi cer  of  NIO I nc . ,  Steven Feng ,  as  the Compliance Officer for the Company  (the “ Compliance  Officer ”) . If you have any questions regarding the Code or would like to report any violation of  the Code, please  contact  Steven  Feng  by  phone call at +86 (21)  6908 2073  immediately.

III.  CONFLICTS OF INTEREST  Identifying Conflicts of Interest  A conflict of interest occurs when an employee ’ s private interest interferes, or appears to  interfere, in any w ay with the interests of the Company as a whole.  An employee  should actively  avoid any private interest that may  impact such employee’s  ability to act in the interests of the  Company or that may make it difficult to perform  the employee’s  work objectively  and  effectively. In general, the following  are  considered conflicts of interest:  •  Competing Business . No employee may be employed by a business that competes with  the Company or deprives it of any business.  •  Corporate Opportunity . No employee  may  use corpor ate property, information or his / her  position with the Company to secure a business opportunity that would otherwise be  available to the Company . If an employee  discover s  a business opportunity that is in the  Company ’ s line of business through the use of t he Company ’ s proper ty, information or  position, the employee  must first present the business opportunity to the Company before  pursuing the opportunity in  his/her  individual capacity.  •  Financial Interests .  (i)  No employee may have any financial interest (owners hip or otherwise), either  directly or indirectly through a spouse or other family member, in any other  business or entity if such interest adversely affects the employee ’ s performance  of duties or responsibilities to the Company, or requires the employee t o  devote time  to it  during such employee ’ s working hours at the Company;  (ii)  No employee may hold any ow nership interest in a privately  held company  that is in competition with the Company;  (iii)  An employee may hold  less than  5% ownership interest in a publicly tra ded  company that is in competition with the Company;  provided that  if  the  employee ’ s ownership interest in  such publicly traded company  increases to  5%  or more , the employee must immediately report such ownership to the  Compliance Officer;  (iv)  Unless pre - appro ved by the Compliance Officer, n o employee may hold any  ownership interest in a company that has a business relationship with the  Company if such employee ’ s duties at the Company include managing or  supervising the Company ’ s business relations with that co mpany; and  (v)  Notwithstanding  the  other provisions of this Code,  (a) a director or an y  family member of such director (collectively,  “ Director  Affiliates ” ) or a senior officer or an y  family member of such senior officer

(collectively,  “ Officer Affiliates ” ) ma y continue to hold  his/her  investment or  other financial interest in a business or entity (an  “ Interested Business ” ) that:  (1) was made or obtained either (x) before the Company invested in or  otherwise became interested in such business or entity; or (y)  before the  director or senior officer joined the Company (for the avoidance of doubt,  regardless of whether the Company had or had not already invested in or  otherwise become interested in such business or entity at the time the director  or senior officer  joined the Company); or  (2) may in the future be made or obtained by the director or senior officer,  provided that at the time such investment or other financial interest is made or  obtained, the Company has not yet invested in or otherwise become intere sted  in such business or entity;  provided that such director or senior officer shall disclose such investment or  other financial interest to the Board;  (b) an interested director or senior officer shall refrain from participating in  any discussion among  senior officers of the Company relating to an Interested  Business and  may  not be involved in any proposed transaction between the  Company and an Interested Business; and  (c) before any Director Affiliate or Officer Affiliate (i) invests, or otherwise  acqu ires any equity or other financial interest, in a business or entity that is in  competition with the Company; or (ii) enters into any transaction with the  Company, the related director or senior officer shall obtain  prior  approval from  the Audit Committee  of the Board.  For purposes of this Code, a company or  other  entity is deemed to be “in competition  with the Company” if it  competes with the Company’s  express delivery services,  transportation and courier services, and any other business  in which the Comp any  engages in.  •  Loans or Other Financial Transactions . No employee may obtain loans or guarantees of  personal obligations from, or enter into any other personal financial transaction with, any  company that is a material customer, supplier or competitor of  the Company. This  guideline does not prohibit arms - length transactions with recognized banks or other  financial institutions.  •  Service on Boards and Committees . No employee  may  serve on a board of directors or  trustees or on a committee of any entity (whet her profit or not - for - profit) whose interests  could reasonably be expected to conflict with those of the Company. Employees must  obtain prior approval from the Board before accepting any such board or committee  position. The Company may revisit its approva l of any such position at any time to  determine whether  an employee’s  service in such position is still appropriate.

The above is in no way a complete list of situations where  conflict s of interest may arise .  T he following questions  might serve as a useful  guide in assessing a potential conflict of interest  situation not specifically addressed above :  •  Is  the action to be taken  legal?  •  Is it honest and fair?  •  Is it in the best interests of the Company?  Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest  The Company requires  that employees fully disclose any situations that could reasonably  be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest. If  an employee  suspect s  that  he/she has  a conflict  of interest, or  a situation  that others could reasonably perceive as a conflict of int erest,  the  employee  must report it immediately to the Compliance Officer. Conflicts of interest may only  be waived by the Board, or the appropriate committee of the Board, and will be promptly  disclosed to the public to the extent required by law  and appli cable r ules of the  applicable stock  exchange .  Family Members and Work  The actions of family members outside the workplace may also give rise to conflicts of  interest because they may influence an employee ’ s objectivity in making decisions on behalf of  th e Company. If a member of an employee ’ s family is interested in doing business with the  Company, the criteria as to whether to enter into or continue the business relationship and the  terms and conditions of the relationship must be no less favorable to th e Company compared  w ith those that would apply to an unrelated party  seeking to do business with the Company under  similar circumstances.  Employees  are required to  report any situation involving family members that could  reasonably be expected to give ris e to a conflict of interest to their supervisor or the Compliance  Officer. For purpose s  of this Code,  “ family members ”  or  “ members of  employee’s  family ”  include an employee’s  spouse, parents, children and siblings, whether by blood, marriage or  adoption or  anyone r esiding in such employee’s home .  IV.  GIFTS , MEALS  AND ENTERTAINMENT  All employees are required to comply with the anti - corruption compliance policy of the  Company regarding gifts, meals and entertainment.  V.  PROTECTION AND USE OF COMPANY ASSETS  Employees should protect the Company ’ s assets and ensure their efficient use for  legitimate business purposes only. Theft, carelessness and waste have a direct impact on the  Company ’ s profitability.  Any  use of the funds or assets of the Company, whether  for personal  gain or not, for any unlawful or improper purpose is strictly prohibited.

To ensure the protection and proper use of the Company ’ s assets, each employee  is  required to :  •  Exercise reasonable care to prevent theft, damage or misuse of Company p roperty;  •  Promptly report  any  actual or suspected theft, damage or misuse of Company  property;  •  Safeguard all electronic programs, data, communications and written materials  from  unauthorized  access; and  •  Use Company property only for legitimate business purp oses.  Except as approved in advance by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer  of the Company, the Company prohibits political contributions (directly or through trade  associations) by any employee on behalf of the Company. Pr ohibited politi cal contribution s  include:  •  any contributions of  the  Company ’s  funds or other assets for political purposes;  •  encouraging individual employees to make any such contribution; and  •  reimbursing an employee for any political contribution.  VI.  INTELLECTUAL PROP ERTY AND CONFIDENTIALITY  Employees  shall  abide by the Company’s rules and policies in protecting the intellectual  property and confidential information, including the following:  •  All inventions, creative works, computer software, and technical or trade se crets  developed by an employee in the course of performing the employee ’ s duties or  primarily through the use of the Company ’ s  assets or resources  while working at  the Company  are  the property of the Company.  •  Employees  shall  maintain the confidentiality of  information entrusted to them by  the Company or entities with which the Company has business relations, except  when disclosure is authorized or legally mandated. Confidential information  includes all non - public information that might be of use to competit ors, or  harmful to the company or its business associates, if disclosed.  •  The Company maintains a strict confidentiality policy. During an employee ’ s  term of employment  with the Company , the employee shall comply with any and  all written or unwritten rules  and policies concerning confidentiality and shall  fulfill the duties and responsibilities concerning confidentiality applicable to the  employee.  •  In addition to fulfilling the responsibilities associated with  his/her  position in the  Company, an employee  ma y  not, without obtaining  prior  approval from the

Company, disclose, announce or publish trade secrets  or other  confidential  business information of the Company, nor  may  an employee use such confidential  information outside the course of  his/her  duties to t he Company.  •  Even outside the work environment, an employee must maintain vigilance and  refrain from disclosing important information regarding the Company or its  business,  business associates  or employees.  •  An employee ’ s duty of confidentiality with respect  to the confidential information  of the Company survives the termination of such employee ’ s employment with  the Company for any reason until such time as the Company discloses such  information publicly or the information otherwise becomes available in the  public  sphere through no fault of the employee.  •  Upon termination of employment, or at such time as the Company requests, an  employee must return to the Company all of its property without exception,  including all forms of medium containing confidential inf ormation, and may not  retain duplicate materials.  VII.  ACCURACY  OF  FINANCIAL  REPORTS  AND  OTHER  PUBLIC  COMMUNICATIONS  T he Company  is  required to report its financial results and other material information  about its business to the public and the SEC. It is  the Company ’ s policy to promptly disclose  accurate and complete information regarding its business, financial condition and results of  operations. Employees must strictly comply with all applicable standards, laws, regulations and  policies  for  accounting  and  financial  reporting  of  transactions,  estimates  and  forecasts.  Inaccurate, incomplete or untimely reporting will not be tolerated and can severely damage the  Company and result in legal liability.  Employees should be on guard for, and  are required to  p romptly report, any possibility of  inaccurate or incomplete financial reporting. Particular attention should be paid to:  •  Financial results that seem inconsistent with the performance of the underlying  business;  •  Transactions that do not seem to have an obv ious business purpose; and  •  Requests to circumvent ordinary review and approval procedures.  The Company ’ s senior financial officers and other employees working in the  f inance  d epartment have a special responsibility to ensure that all of the Company ’ s finan cial disclosures  are full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable.  These individuals are required to report a ny  practice or situation that might undermine this objective to the Compliance Officer.  Employees are prohibited from directly or indirectly ta king  any action to coerce,  manipulate, mislead or fraudulently influence the Company ’ s independent auditors for the

purpose of rendering the financial statements of the Company materially misleading. Prohibited  actions include but are not limited to:  •  issu ing or reissuing  a report on the Company ’ s financial statements that is not  warranted in  the circumstances (due to  material  violations of U.S. GAAP,  generally  accepted  auditing  standards  or  other  professional  or  regulatory  standards);  •  not  perform ing  audit , review or other procedures required by generally accepted  auditing standards or other professional standards;  •  not  withdraw ing  an issued report  when withdrawal  is  warranted under the  circumstances ; or  •  not  communicating  matters  as  required  to the Company ’ s Audit Committee.  VIII .  COMPANY RECORDS  Accurate and reliable records are crucial to the Company ’ s business and form the basis of  its earnings statements, financial reports and other disclosures to the public. The Company ’s  records are a  source of esse ntial data that guides business decision - making and strategic planning.  Company records include, but are not limited to, booking information, payroll, timecards, travel  and expense reports, e - mails, accounting and financial data, measurement and performanc e  records, electronic data files and all other records mainta ined in the ordinary course of  business.  All Company records must be complete, accurate and reliable in all material respects.  There is never an acceptable reason to make false or misleading ent ries. Undisclosed or  unrecorded funds, payments or receipts are strictly prohibited.  An employee is  responsible for  understanding and complying with the Company ’s record keeping policy.  An employee should  c ontact the Compliance Officer if  he/she has  any  que stions regarding the record keeping policy.  I X.  COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS  Each employee has an obligation to comply with the laws of the cities, provinces, regions  and countries in which the Company operates. This includes, without limitation,  laws covering  commercial bribery and kickbacks,  patent,  copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, information  privacy, insider trading, offering or receiving gratuities, employment harassment, environmental  protection, occupational health and safety, false  or misleading financial information, misuse of  corporate assets and foreign currency exchange activities. Employees are expected to understand  and comply with all laws, rules an d regulations that apply to their  position s  at the Company. If  any doubt exist s about whether a course of action is lawful,  the employee  should seek advice  immediately from the Compliance Officer.  X.  DISCRIMINATION AND HARASSMENT  The Company is firmly committed to providing equal opportunity in all aspects of  employment and will n ot tolerate any illegal discrimination or harassment based on race,

ethnicity,  religion,  gender,  age,  national  origin  or  any  other  protected  class.  For  further  information,  employees  should consult the Compliance Officer.  XI.  FAIR DEALING  Each employee sh ould endeavor to deal fairly with the  Company’s  customers, suppliers,  competitors and employees.  No employee  may  take unfair advantage of anyone through  manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts,  or any  other unfair - dealing practice.  XI I .  HEALTH AND SAFETY  The Company strives to provide employees with a safe and healthy work environment.  Each employee has responsibility for maintaining a safe and healthy workplace for other  employees by following enviro nmental, safety and health rules and practices and reporting  accidents, injuries and unsafe equipment, pract ices or conditions. Violence or threats of violence  are not permitted.  Each employee is expected to perform his / her duty to the Company in a saf e m anner,  free  of any  influence  of alcohol, illegal drugs or other controlled substances. The use of illegal drugs  or other controlled substances in the workplace is prohibited.  XI II .  VIOLATIONS OF THE CODE  All employees have a duty to report any known or s uspected violation of this Code,  including any violation of laws, rules, regulations or policies that apply to the Company.  Reporting a known or suspected violation of this Code by others will not be considered an act of  disloyalty, but an action to safegu ard the reputation and integrity of the Company and its  employees.  If  an employee  know s  of or suspect s  a vi olation of this Code, it is such employee’s  responsibility to immediately report the violation to the Compliance  Officer, who will work with  the emp loyee to investigate his/her  concern. All questions and reports of known or suspected  violations of this Code will be treated with sensitivity and discretion. The Compliance Officer  and the Company will protect  the employee’s  confidentiality to the extent  possible, consistent  with the law and the Company ’ s need to investigate  the employee’s  concern.  It is the Company ’ s policy that any employee who violates this Code will be subject to  appropriate  discipline,  including  termination  of  employment,  based  upon  the  facts  and  circumstances of each particular situation.  An employee’s  conduct, if it does not comply with the  law or with this Code, can result in serious consequences for both  the employee  and the  Company.  The Company strictly prohibits retaliation aga inst an employee who, in good faith, seeks  help or reports known or suspected violations. An employee inflicting reprisal or retaliation  against another employee for reporting  a known or suspected violation  will be subject to  disciplinary action ,  including  termination of employment.

X I V.  WAIVERS OF THE CODE  Waivers of this Code will be granted on a case - by - case basis and only in extraordinary  circumstances. Waivers of this Code may be made only by the Board, or the appropriate  committee of the Board, and  may  be promptly disclosed to the public  if so required by applicable  laws and regulations and rules of the  applicable stock exchange .  XV.  CONCLUSION  This Code contains general guidelines for conducting the business of the Company  consistent with the highe st stan dards of business ethics. If employees  have any questions about  these  guidelines,  they  should  contact  the  Compliance  Officer.  The  Company  expect s  all  employees to adhere to these standards. Each employee is separately responsible for his / her  actions . Conduct that violates the law or this Code cannot be justified by claiming that it was  ordered by a supervisor or someone in higher management  positions . If  an employee  engage s  in  conduct prohibi ted by the law or this Code, such employee  will be deemed t o have acted outside  the  scope  of  his/her  employmen t.  The  prohibited  conduct  will  subject  the  employee  to  disciplinary action, including termination of employment.  * * * * * * * * * * * * *


</Automotive_China_NIO_2022.pdf>