This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Automotive_China_Li Auto_2024.pdf>

1  /  13  LI AUTO  INC.  AMENDED AND RESTATED  CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS  I.  OVERVIEW AND  PURPOSE  This  Amended and Restated  Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the  “ Code ” ) contains  general guidelines for conducting the business of  Li Auto  Inc. , a Cayman Islands company, and  its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, the “ Company ” ) consistent with the highest standards  of business ethics, and is intended to qualify as a  “ code of ethics ”  within the meaning of Section  406 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder.  As the business of  the Company develops continuously, the Company’s culture and operations are developing and  optimizing. Highest st andards of ethics and compliance are driving forces of the Company’s  success. Thus, the Company adopted an amended and restated version of this Code to reflect the  Company’s core values, guide day - to - day business decisions, and ensure honesty.  To the extent  this Code requires a higher standard than required by commercial practice or applicable laws,  rules or regulations,  the Company adheres  to these higher standards.  The Company does not  allow sacrificing the values it sticks to in exchange for  short - term interests, and believes long -  term success requires strict compliance to ethics and compliance.  This Code is designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote:  •  honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts  of interest between personal and professional relationships;  •  full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and documents that  the Company fi les with, or submits to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission  (the  “ SEC ” ) and in other public communications made by the Company;  •  compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations;  •  prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code; and  •  accoun tability for adherence to the Code.  The Board of Directors of the Company (the  “ Board ” ) has appointed the Company ’ s  Chief Financial Officer  as the  Compliance Officer for the Company  (the “ Compliance Officer ”) .  If you have any questions regarding the Code o r would like to report any violation of the Code,  please  email  the Compliance Officer at  compliance@lixiang.com.  Please read, understand, and practice this Code which helps  every member to behave  properly and consistently. This Code sets forth certain pot ential challenges in the Company’s  business environment, but it is not exhaustive.  II.  APPLICABILITY

2  /  13  This Code applies to all  employees, interns,  directors , supervisors and  officers  of the  Company  (including its subsidiaries, branches, and consolidated af filiated entities) , whether they  work for the Company on a full - time, part - time, consultative or temporary basis , as well as  individuals appointed by the Company or representing the Company to provide services, such as  consultants, third - party dispatched w orkers, and outsourced workers  (each ,  an  “ employee ”  and  collectively, the  “ employees ” ).  For avoidance of doubt, this Code is not contemplated to concern  any labor relationship with any employee.  Certain provisions of the Code apply specifically to  our chief executive officer, chief financial officer,  other executive officers,  senior finance  officer,  controller,  senior vice presidents,  vice presidents and any other persons who perform similar  functions for the Company (each, a  “ senior officer , ”  and collectively,  the “ senior officers ” ).  The Company urges all of its directors, officers, and e mployees to comply with this  Code in  the ordinary course of  business and encourages its business partners (including suppliers,  clients, agents, and consultants) to comply with this Code for a fair, trustworthy, and open  corroborative environment.  III.  HON ESTY AND INTEGRITY  A. Conflicts of Interest  Identifying Conflicts of Interest  A conflict of interest occurs when an employee ’ s private interest interferes, or appears to  interfere, in any way with the interests of the Company as a whole.  An employee  shou ld actively  avoid any private interest that may  impact such employee’s  ability to act in the interests of the  Company or that may make it difficult to perform  the employee’s  work objectively and  effectively. In general, the following  are  considered conflic ts of interest:  •  Competing Business . No employee may be employed by a business that competes with  the Company or deprives it of any business.  •  Corporate Opportunity . No employee  may  use corporate property, information or his / her  position with the  Company to secure a business opportunity that would otherwise be  available to the Company . If an employee  discover s  a business opportunity that is in the  Company ’ s line of business through the use of the Company ’ s proper ty, information or  position, the emp loyee  must first present the business opportunity to the Company before  pursuing the opportunity in  his/her  individual capacity.  •  Financial Interests .  The following scenarios are non - exhaustive examples:  (i)  No employee may have any financial interest  (ownership or otherwise), either  directly or indirectly through a spouse or other family member, in any other  business or entity if such interest adversely affects the employee ’ s performance  of duties or responsibilities to the Company, or requires the emp loyee to  devote time  to it  during such employee ’ s working hours at the Company;  (ii)  No employee may hold any ow nership interest in a privately  held company  that is in competition with the Company;

3  /  13  (iii)  An employee may  only  hold up to 5% ownership interest in a publ icly traded  company that is in competition with the Company;  provided that  if  the  employee ’ s ownership interest in  such publicly traded company  increases to  more than 5%, the employee must immediately report such ownership to the  Compliance Officer;  (iv)  No emp loyee may hold any ownership interest in a company that has a  business relationship with the Company if such employee ’ s duties at the  Company include managing or supervising the Company ’ s business relations  with that company; and  (v)  Notwithstanding  the  other  provisions of this Code,  (a) a director or an y  family member of such director (collectively,  “ Director  Affiliates ” ) or a senior officer or an y  family member of such senior officer  (collectively,  “ Officer Affiliates ” ) may continue to hold  his/her  investment  or  other financial interest in a business or entity (an  “ Interested Business ” ) that:  (1) was made or obtained either (x) before the Company invested in or  otherwise became interested in such business or entity; or (y) before the  director or senior office r joined the Company (for the avoidance of doubt,  regardless of whether the Company had or had not already invested in or  otherwise become interested in such business or entity at the time the director  or senior officer joined the Company); or  (2) may in  the future be made or obtained by the director or senior officer,  provided that at the time such investment or other financial interest is made or  obtained, the Company has not yet invested in or otherwise become interested  in such business or entity;  pro vided that such director or senior officer shall disclose such investment or  other financial interest to the Board;  (b) an interested director or senior officer shall refrain from participating in  any discussion among senior officers of the Company relati ng to an Interested  Business and shall not be involved in any proposed transaction between the  Company and an Interested Business; and  (c) before any Director Affiliate or Officer Affiliate (i) invests, or otherwise  acquires any equity or other financial  interest, in a business or entity that is in  competition with the Company; or (ii) enters into any transaction with the  Company, the related director or senior officer shall obtain  prior  approval from  the Audit Committee of the Board.  •  Loans or Other Finan cial Transactions . No employee may obtain loans or guarantees of  personal obligations from, or enter into any other personal financial transaction with, any  company that is a material customer, supplier or competitor of the Company. This

4  /  13  guideline does not  prohibit arms - length transactions with recognized banks or other  financial institutions.  •  Service on Boards and Committees . No employee s hall  serve on a board of directors or  trustees or on a committee of any entity (whether profit or not - for - profit) whose  interests  could reasonably be expected to conflict with those of the Company. Employees must  obtain prior approval from the Board before accepting any such board or committee  position. The Company may revisit its approval of any such position at any time  to  determine whether  an employee’s  service in such position is still appropriate.  •  Family Members and Work .  The actions of family members outside the workplace may  also  give  rise  to  conflicts  of  interest  because they  may  influence  an  employee’s  objectivity  in making decisions on behalf of the Company.  Employees should report any situation involving family members that could reasonably  be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest to their supervisor or the Compliance  Officer. For purpose s  of this Code,  “ family members ”  or  “ members of  employee’s  family ” include an employee’s  spouse, parents, children and siblings, whether by blood,  marriage or adoption or anyone r esiding in such employee’s home .  The above is in no way a complete list of si tuations where  conflict s of interest may arise .  T he following questions  might serve as a useful guide in assessing a potential conflict of interest  situation not specifically addressed above :  •  Is  the action to be taken  legal?  •  Is it honest and fair?  •  Is it i n the best interests of the Company?  The Company requires that employees fully disclose any situations that could reasonably  be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest. If  an employee  suspect s  that  he/she has  a conflict  of interest, or  a situation  that others could reasonably perceive as a conflict of interest,  the  employee  must report it immediately to  the legal and compliance department . Conflicts of  interest may only be waived by the Board, or the appropriate committee of the Board, and will be  p romptly disclosed to the public to the extent required by law  and applicable r ules of the  applicable stock exchange .  B. Gifts and Entertainment  Appropriate business gifts and entertainment are welcome courtesies designed to build  relationships and underst anding among business partners. However, gifts and entertainment  should never compromise, or appear to compromise,  an employee’s  ability to make objective and  fair business decisions.  One - time, luxurious, or large - amount provision of gifts or entertainment  or continuing provision of large amounts of gifts or entertainment may be considered as bribe by  third parties.

5  /  13  It is the responsibility of employees to use good judgment in this area. As a general rule,  employees may give or receive gifts or entertainmen t to or from customers or suppliers only if  the gift or entertainment  is in compliance with applicable law s, regulations, and policies ,  insignificant in amount and given  for appropriate business purposes .  In  the ordinary  course of  business,  employees  shoul d  comply  with  the following  guidelines:  •  Gifts and entertainment should be provided for clear and reasonable business  purposes;  •  The value and form of gifts and entertainment should comply with normal  business practices;  •  Gifts and entertainment should be pro vided  openly with appropriate frequency in  normal business practices;  •  Gifts and entertainment should comply with applicable laws and regulations,  culture, and customs;  •  The provision of gifts and entertainment should comply with the rules and  requirements  of the intended recipients or their employers;  •  Gifts and entertainment should not be provided during business periods that may  be considered sensitive (such as periods for biddings, applications for licenses, or  contract renewals); and  •  All gifts and entertainment expenses made on behalf of the Company must be  promptly applied for reimbursement and  properly accounted for on expense  reports.  Bribes and kickbacks are criminal acts, strictly prohibited by law. An employee must not  offer, gi ve, solicit or receive any form of bribe or kickback anywhere in the world.  FCPA Compliance  The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ( “ FCPA ” ) prohibits giving anything of value,  directly or indirectly, to officials of foreign governments or foreign political candidates in order  to obtain or retain business. A violation of FCPA  does  not only violate the Company ’ s policy  but  also constitute  a ci vil or criminal offense under FCPA which the Company is subject to after the  Effective Time. No employee shall give or authorize directly or indirectly any illegal payments  to government officials of any country. While the FCPA does, in certain limited cir cumstances,  allow nominal  “ facilitating payments ”  to be made, any such payment must be discussed with and  approved by  an employee’s  supervisor in advance before it can be made.  C.  Protection and Use of Company Assets

6  /  13  Employees should protect the Company ’ s assets and ensure their efficient use for  legitimate business purposes only. Theft, carelessness and waste have a direct impact on the  Company ’ s profitability.  Any  use of the funds or assets of the Company, whether for personal  gain or not, for any unla wful or improper purpose is strictly prohibited.  To ensure the protection and proper use of the Company ’ s assets, each employee should:  •  e xercise  reasonable care to prevent theft, damage or misuse of  the  Company ’s  assets ;  •  p romptly  report  any  actual  or  sus pected  theft,  damage  or  misuse  of  the  Company ’s  assets ;  •  s afeguard  all electronic programs, data, communications and written materials  from  unauthorized  access; and  •  u se  the  Company ’s  assets  only for legitimate business purposes.  Except as approved in  advance by the Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer  of the Company, the Company prohibits political contributions (directly or through trade  associations) by any employee on behalf of the Company. Pr ohibited political contribution s  include:  •  any contributions of  the  Company ’s  funds or other assets for political purposes;  •  encouraging individual employees to make any such contribution; and  •  reimbursing an employee for any political contribution.  D . Information Security and Privacy Protection  The Company  respects  and strictly complies with  relevant  laws and regulations on  information security and privacy protection in  applicable countries or regions, including but not  limited to China, the United States, the European Union, the United Nations,  and attaches great  importance to data compliance and management. The Company and employees should comply  with the following principles when dealing with personal data:  •  complying applicable data protection and privacy laws and regulations when  collecting, u sing, storing, or transferring personal data and information;  •  coll ecting, using, storing, or transferring personal data and information  based on  specific, clear, and legal purposes, and not processing such data and information  inconsistent with the origina l purposes; and  •  using appropriate technology or management measures to ensure appropriate  safety  of  personal data,  including  preventing  the personal data from being  destroyed, lost, tampered, accessed without authorization, or disclosed either by  accident  or maliciously.

7  /  13  The Company encourages employees to improve the awareness of privacy protection and  make it integral to the Company’s organizational culture. Every employee has obligations to  properly understand the requirements of privacy protection and  implement the Company’s  policies and process of privacy protection.  E .  Intellectual Property and Confidentiality  Intellectual property and relevant confidential information are the Company’s core assets,  the leaks of which would have a material adverse eff ect on the Company.  Employees  are  expected to  abide by the Company’s rules and policies in protecting the intellectual property and  confidential information, including the following:  •  All inventions, creative works, computer software, and technical or trad e secrets  developed by an employee in the course of performing the employee ’ s duties or  primarily through the use of the Company ’ s  assets or resources  while working at  the Company shall be the property of the Company.  •  Employees should maintain the  confidentiality of information entrusted to them  by the Company or entities with which the Company has business relations,  except  when  disclosure  is  authorized  or  legally  mandated.  Confidential  information  includes  all  non - public  information  that  might  be  of  use  to  competitors, or harmful to the company or its business associates, if disclosed.  •  The Company maintains a strict confidentiality policy. During an employee ’ s  term of employment  with the Company , the employee shall comply with any and  all written o r unwritten rules and policies concerning confidentiality and shall  fulfill the duties and responsibilities concerning confidentiality applicable to the  employee.  •  In addition to fulfilling the responsibilities associated with  his/her  position in the  Comp any, an employee shall not, without obtaining  prior  approval from the  Company,  disclose,  announce or  publish  trade secrets  or  other  confidential  business  information  of  the  Company,  nor  shall  an  employee  use  such  confidential information outside the course  of  his/her  duties to the Company.  •  Even outside the work environment, an employee must maintain vigilance and  refrain from disclosing important information regarding the Company or its  business,  business associates  or employees.  •  An employee ’ s duty of conf identiality with respect to the confidential information  of the Company survives the termination of such employee ’ s employment with  the Company for any reason until such time as the Company discloses such  information publicly or the information otherwise b ecomes available in the public  sphere through no fault of the employee.

8  /  13  •  Upon termination of employment, or at such time as the Company requests, an  employee must return to the Company all of its property without exception,  including all forms of medium con taining confidential information, and may not  retain duplicate materials.  IV .  HEALTH AND SAFETY  A. Safe Work Environment  The Company strives to provide employees with a safe and healthy work environment.  Each employee has responsibility for  maintaining a safe and healthy workplace for other  employees by following environmental, safety and health rules and practices and reporting  accidents, injuries and unsafe equipment, pract ices or conditions. Violence or threats of violence  are not permitte d.  B. Discrimination and Harassment  The Company is firmly committed to providing  employees a fair,  respectful, safe, and  include  work  environment.  The  Company  provides  equal  opportunity  in  all  aspects  of  employment  and applies policies and procedures equa lly to ensure employees are treated with  respect and equally at all times. For the same purpose, the Company recruits, interviews, and  employs applicants on an equal basis and  will not tolerate any illegal discrimination , harassment  or other  inappropriate behavior  based on race,  color,  religion,  nationality, ethnicity,  gender  or  gender identity , age,  marital status, mental or physical disability, sexual orientation,  or any other  protected class  by law.  C. Alcohol and Drugs Control  The Company  is devoted to providing and  maintaining a safe and efficient work  environment for employees.  Each employee is expected to perform his / her duty to the Company  in a saf e manner, not under the influence  of alcohol, illegal drugs or other controlled substances .  The  use  of  illegal  drugs  or  other  controlled  substances  in  the  workplace  is  prohibited.  Transactions, unauthorized use, or possession, of alcohol,  illegal drugs or other controlled  substances  are  strictly  forbidden  in  the  Company’s  workplace  or  when  cond ucting  the  Company’s business. This policy applies to employees and the personnel of the Company’s  business partners.  V .  COMPLIANCE IN OPERATIONS  A. Anti - Bribery and Anti - Corruption  The Company  strictly prohibits any form of bribery or corruption, and empl oyees are  required to comply with all anti - corruption laws and regulations (including but not limited to the  PRC Criminal Law, PRC  Anti - Unfair Competition Law , the United States Foreign Corrupt  Practices Act, and the  Bribery Act 2010  of the United Kingdom) . In all circumstances, the  Company prohibits the provision, consent to provide, acceptance, or consent to accept bribery,  which also applies to its business partners such as suppliers, agents, contractors, and consultants.  Specifically, the Company does  not bribe or undertake to bribe anyone (including business

9  /  13  partners, government officials, or other third parties) to acquire or maintain business or influence  any business decision. The Company does not accept or solicit bribery for influencing the  Compan y’s decision. The bribery includes those in tangible forms: gifts, entertainment, or travel  expenses, as well as those in intangible forms: employment opportunities, internships, or other  special awards.  Employees should comply with the Company’s anti - corr uption and anti - bribery policies.  This Code sets forth some basic principles, and please refer to the Company’s Anti - Bribery and  Anti - Corruption Compliance Policy for further details.  B. Anti - Money Laundering  The Company  respects and strictly  complies with relevant laws and regulations on anti -  money laundering (“ AML ”) in applicable countries or regions, including but not limited to  China, the United States, the European Union, and the United Nations. The Company does not  participate and prohibi ts employees from participating any money laundering conduct. In dealing  with business partners and clients, employees should strengthen their AML awareness, be  vigilant on money laundering crimes, and make sure not to cover the source of illegal funds  und er the Company’s business. Employees should particularly be warned by the following  signals for risks:  •  payments or transfers of funds in currencies not prescribed by original contracts  or arrangements;  •  payments or transfer of funds to countries  irrelevant to original contracts or  arrangements;  •  payments or transfer of funds to third parties not prescribed by  original contracts  or arrangements;  •  demands for cash payment; and  •  other payments or transfer of funds inconsistent with ordinary business pra ctices.  In case of any concern or doubt in dealing with business partners or clients, please  consult the legal and compliance department for assistance.  C .  Trade Compliance  The Company  respects and strictly complies with relevant laws and regulations on  ex port  control  in applicable countries or regions, including but not limited to China, the United States,  the European Union, and the United Nations. The Company  faithfully fulfills obligations and  responsibilities in export control. The Company’s products,  software, technology, or services  shall not be exported, re - exported, transferred, or paid in violation of any relevant export control  laws and regulations under any circumstance.  The Company expects all employees to comply with the following requirements  on  export control, including but not limited to:

10  /  13  •  controlled items (including goods, technology, and software) shall not be exported,  re - exported, or transferred without export license;  •  items acquired through export license shall not be transferred to a thi rd country or  a third party without an evaluation on compliance;  •  all technology cooperations shall specify that the resulting products shall be used  for civil use only;  •  the use of items acquired through export license shall comply to the specified  conditio n in the license; and  •  controlled items shall not be provided to  any sanctioned country or list in any way.  D. Insider Trading  The  term “ insider trading” refers to the trading of securities by a person or an entity  on  the basis of material non - public information . Such securities include but are not limited to stocks,  stock options, or other derivatives. Material non - public information (both  positive and negative)  refers to those information that may influence an investor’s decision to purchase or sell securities  while the investing public cannot acquire. Insider trading is unethical and illegal, and employees  are strictly forbidden to engage  in any insider trading, which may result applicable administrative  or criminal penalties.  In daily conversations, please refrain from expressly or implicitly convey any internal  information to others, as the misuse of internal information may result in s erious consequences  and be in violation of law even illegal interest is not intended for oneself or another person. If  you have any question on whether a business conduct constitutes insider trading, please contact  the legal and compliance department.  E.  A ccuracy of Financial Reports and Other Public Communications  T he Company  is  required to report its financial results and other material information  about its business to the public and the SEC. It is the Company ’ s policy to promptly disclose  accurate and complete information regarding its business, financial condition and results of  operations. Employees must strictly comply with all applicable standards, laws, regulations and  policies  for  accounting  and  financial  reporting  of  transactions,  estimates  and  forecasts.  Inaccurate, incomplete or untimely reporting will not be tolerated and can severely damage the  Company and result in legal liability.  Employees should be on guard for, and promptly report, any possibili ty of inaccurate or  incomplete financial reporting. Particular attention should be paid to:  •  f inancial results that  are or  seem inconsistent with the performance of the  underlying business;  •  t ransactions that do not  have or  seem to have an obvious business  purpose; and

11  /  13  •  r equests to circumvent ordinary review and approval procedures.  The Company ’ s senior financial officers and other employees working in the  f inance  d epartment have a special responsibility to ensure that all of the Company ’ s financial disclosur es  are full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable.  Employees  are prohibited  from directly  or  indirectly  taking  any  action  to  coerce,  manipulate, mislead or fraudulently influence the Company ’ s independent auditors for the  purpose of rendering the fin ancial statements of the Company materially misleading. Prohibited  actions include but are not limited to:  •  issuing or reissuing  a report on the Company ’ s financial statements that is not  warranted  in  the circumstances  (due to  material  violations  of  U.S.  G AAP,  generally  accepted  auditing  standards  or  other  professional  or  regulatory  standards);  •  not  perform ing  audit, review or other procedures required by generally accepted  auditing standards or other professional standards;  •  not withdraw ing  an  issued  repor t  when  withdrawal is  warranted  under  the  circumstances ; or  •  not  communicating  matters  required to be communicated  to the Company ’ s Audit  Committee.  Accurate and reliable records are crucial to the Company ’ s business and form the basis of  its earnings stat ements, financial reports and other disclosures to the public. The Company ’s  records are a  source of essential data that guides business decision - making and strategic planning.  Company records include, but are not limited to, booking information, payroll,  timecards, travel  and expense reports, e - mails, accounting and financial data, measurement and performance  records, electronic data files and all other records mainta ined in the ordinary course of  business.  All Company records must be complete, accurate a nd reliable in all material respects.  There is never an acceptable reason to make false or misleading entries. Undisclosed or  unrecorded funds, payments or receipts are strictly prohibited.  An employee is  responsible for  understanding and complying with th e Company ’s record keeping policy.  The Company expects  the relevant employees to keep Company records in accordance with the applicable legal  requirements and internal  policies, forbids any unauthorized amendments on information after  the records are archiv ed, and forbids destroying Company records in violation of the relevant  requirements.  F. Corporate Social Responsibilities and Sustainable Development  T he  Company  has  integrated  corporate  social  responsibilities  and  sustainable  development into its corporate strategic planning. The Company is dedicated to leading the  future  models  of  mobility  while  achieving  sustainable  development  to  honor  its  social  responsibilit y  through  unremitting  improvements  in  brand  reputation  and  technological

12  /  13  accumulation. The Company identifies risks and opportunities in business operations while  pursuing its vision and mission in terms of “compliant operation and responsible governance,”  “innovative pioneer and outstanding product,” “inclusive care and shared growth,” “law - carbon  operation and green ambition,” and “community contribution for a better society” to collaborate  the United Nation’s sustainable development goals and make contri butions to the sustainable  development of the society as a whole. The Company undertakes to  honor the following goals:  Employees Growth  The Company values the fundamental interests  of employees and provides certain  guarantees for the health and safety of e mployees. The Company also provides appropriate  trainings  for  employees’  career  development  to  make  sure  the  employees’  professional  capabilities match the requirements for sustainable development.  Environmental Protection  The Company  is  devoted  to  comply  with  all  applicable  laws  and  regulations  on  environmental protection and undertakes all possible means to reduce pollution and emission in  its research and development and ordinary business operations.  Meanwhile, the Company encourages employees to strengt hen their individual awareness  for environmental protection and urges employees to take actions to save energy and recycle  resources for reducing pollution and emission.  Brand and Reputation  The Company values brand awareness in long - term  development and prohibits any  behavior that harms the brand or the reputation of the Company by any person.  In addition, the Company promotes fair dealing and fair competition, and will protect the  information of business partners and suppliers. The Compan y respects intellectual property and  will make sure that the technology and information used or licensed by the Company will not be  leaked.  Each employee should endeavor to deal fairly with the  Company’s  customers, suppliers,  competitors and employees. No  employee  should take unfair advantage of anyone through  manipulation, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts,  or any  other unfair - dealing practice.  Management Systems  The Company has established a comprehensive r isk assessment and internal management  system  and  established  relevant  management  systems  on  corporate  governance,  business  compliance, environment, health and safety,  labor practice, and ethical standards. The Company  has specified the functions and respo nsibilities of different positions in the Company and  conducts regular supervisions.  Technological Sustainability

13  /  13  The core issue for an enterprise’s sustainable development is the creation of values,  which requires institutional assurance and  technological innovations. The Company values  technological innovations and continues to work toward it by retaining talents and optimizing  incentivization systems.  VI .  CONCLUSION  This Code contains general guidelines for conducting the business of the Com pany  consistent with the highest stan dards of business ethics. The Company  expect s  all employees to  adhere to these standards. Each employee is separately responsible for his / her actions. Conduct  that violates the law or this Code cannot be justified by cl aiming that it was ordered by a  supervisor or someone in higher management  positions .  All employees have a duty to report any known or suspected violation of this Code,  including any violation of laws, rules, regulations or policies that apply to the Comp any.  Reporting a known or suspected violation of this Code by others will not be considered an act of  disloyalty, but an action to safeguard the reputation and integrity of the Company and its  employees.  If  an employee  know s  of or suspect s  a vi olation of  this Code, it is such employee’s  responsibility to immediately report the violation to the Compliance  Officer, who will work with  the employee to investigate his/her  concern. All questions and reports of known or suspected  violations of this Code will be t reated with sensitivity and discretion. The Compliance Officer  and the Company will protect  the employee’s  confidentiality to the extent possible, consistent  with the law and the Company ’ s need to investigate  the employee’s  concern.  The Company strictly p rohibits retaliation against an employee who, in good faith, seeks  help or reports known or suspected violations. An employee inflicting reprisal or retaliation  against another employee for reporting  a known or suspected violation  will be subject to  discip linary action ,  including termination of employment.  If  an employee  engage s  in conduct prohibi ted by the law or this Code, such employee  will be deemed to have acted outside the scope of  his/her  employmen t. Such conduct will subject  the employee  to disciplinary action, including termination of employment.  Waivers of this Code will be granted on a case - by - case basis and only in extraordinary  circumstances. Waivers of this Code may be made only by the Board, or the appropriate  committee of the Boa rd, and may  be promptly disclosed to the public  if so required by applicable  laws and regulations and rules of the  applicable stock exchange .  If an employee has any question about this Code or hopes to report any conduct in  violation of the Code, please co ntact the Compliance Officer or the legal and compliance  department or send an email to compliance@lixiang.com.


</Automotive_China_Li Auto_2024.pdf>