This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Automotive_Korea_Hankook & Company_2024.pdf>

Hankook & Company Code of Ethics  Chapter  1: General Provisions  I. Article 1 (Purpose)  This  regulation aims to establish and develop the company's ethical management by providing the  company's executives and employees with standards for correct behavior and value judgments that  must be observed when performing work, so that all executives and emp loyees can properly  understand and  practice the company's ethical management policy. It is for that purpose.  II. Article 2 (Scope of Application)  This  regulation applies to all stakeholders, including the company's executives and employees and  partner com panies that have a business relationship with the company.  III.Article 3 (Definition of Terms)  1. Company: Includes Hankook & Company and its domestic and overseas affiliates.  2. Executives and employees: Refers to all executives and employees who receive  wages in return  for providing work to the company.  3. Stakeholder: refers to a person who is directly or indirectly related to the company's business  performance and mutually influences the decision - making of the company and its executives and  employees.  4. Laws: Refers to the laws, enforcement ordinances, enforcement regulations, and customary laws  of the Republic of Korea, the countries where overseas affiliates are located, or where the company's  business is operated.  IV. Article 4 (Management organiza tion of ethics regulations)  1. The management organization for Hankook & Company’s code of ethics is the ES) Business  Management  Team.  2. If it is not specified in these regulations or the interpretation of the regulations is unclear, the  interpretation an d decision of the ES) Business Management Team shall be followed.

Chapter  2 Basic ethics of executives and employees  V. Article 5 (Basic Principles)  1. Comply with relevant laws and company regulations when performing work.  2. We faithfully perform the  duties assigned to us according to our position and position, and do  not cause loss to the company or damage its reputation.  3. Do not unfairly discriminate against others based on nationality, race, gender, religion, social  status, etc.  4. Do not use any  words or actions that contain social or cultural prejudice, such as sexual  harassment or insults to the disabled.  5.  Personal  misconduct,  such  as  external  sexual  harassment,  does  not  raise  concerns  about  damaging the company's social evaluation or have a n egative impact on corporate order, such as  lowering trust relationships with colleagues and the company.  VI. Article 6 (Preparation and management of important information)  1.  Do  not  manipulate  documents  or  counts  intentionally  or  carelessly,  record  and  r eport  all  information  accurately,  and  store  relevant  documents  in  accordance  with  laws  and  company  regulations.  2. We do not acquire information through unfair means, and we do not use the acquired information  for improper purposes or leak it to third part ies.  3. Do not use software that violates laws and company regulations.  VII.Article 7 (Fair use of company assets)  1. All company assets (tangible assets, intangible assets) are used only for business purposes in  accordance with procedures and are not use d for personal purposes.  2. The company's trade secrets shall not be leaked to the outside or misused without prior  permission or approval, not only during the period of employment but also after retirement.  3. Respect the rights of others regarding intell ectual property while also protecting your own rights.

VIII.Article 8 (Partner companies and partnerships)  1. We form reciprocal relationships with partner companies based on the principle of good faith.  2. We provide equal trading opportunities to all qu alified companies and select partner companies  based on objective and fair review standards.  3. Do not use your superior position to make unfair demands on partner companies.  4. Partner companies must be fully aware of the company's ethical management poli cy and actively  participate in ethical management activities. If they engage in an act that undermines fair trade  between partner companies, such as  unfair  collective action, they will be held accountable to the  company.  5. Comply with laws and company reg ulations when transacting between affiliates.  Chapter  3 Responsibilities to Customers, Shareholders, and Employees  IX. Article 9 (Responsibility to Customers)  1. Make customer satisfaction the top priority in all decisions and actions.  2. Customer informa tion will not be leaked to the outside or used for any other purpose without  the customer’s prior consent.  Complies  with  consumer protection laws and does not engage in exaggerated or false advertising  or deceive customers.  4. We comply with fair competiti on principles without slandering or slandering competitors.  X. Article 10 (Responsibility to shareholders)  1. Provide management performance accurately and promptly to respect shareholders’ right to know  and legitimate demands and suggestions.  2. Record  and manage financial status in accordance with generally accepted accounting standards.  XI.Article 11 (Responsibility for executives and employees)  1. We respect the basic human rights of employees, including their privacy, dignity, and personality.  2. Ev aluate the abilities and achievements of executives and employees according to fair standards

and compensate them fairly.  3. Provide a safe and comfortable workplace and office environment to executives and employees.  Chapter  4 Ethical Management Organiza tional Culture  XII.Article 12  (Classification  between public and  private)  1. If there is a conflict between the interests of the company and an individual, the interests of the  company shall take priority.  2. Do not use the company's assets or your  position to seek personal gain, and do not engage in  any wrongdoing, such as embezzlement or misappropriation of company assets.  3. Do not trade securities, such as buying or selling stocks, using information acquired in the course  of your duties.  4. Compa nies with personal interests must report them to their superiors in advance and do not  exercise undue influence during transactions.  XIII.Article 13 (Creating a healthy organizational atmosphere)  1.  Create a working  atmosphere where  executives  and employe es can demonstrate proactive  leadership through continuous self - development.  2. Maintain an organizational culture based on smooth communication and mutual respect between  superiors, subordinates, and colleagues.  3. All types of gambling are prohibited, bo th inside and outside the company. Avoid extravagance,  waste, ostentation, and overconsumption, and practice frugality and frugality as part of your daily  life.  XIV.Article 14 (Political Participation and Activities)  1. Respect the voting rights and polit ical opinions of executives and employees, but do not engage  in political activities within the company.  2. Executives and employees shall not use the company's assets to provide donations or political  activity expenses to political parties, politicians, e lection candidates, etc.

3. The company's personnel, facilities, equipment, etc. shall not be used for political activities,  including donations (money or goods).  Chapter  5 Emphasis on environment, safety, and health  XV.Article 15 (Environmental Protectio n)  1.  Comply  with  international  standards,  related  laws,  and  company  regulations  related  to  environmental protection.  2. We deeply recognize that the environment is something that must be preserved forever by all  mankind, and take the lead in efficient use  of resources, including recycling of resources.  XVI.Article 16 (Emphasis on safety and health)  1. Comply with safety laws and standards and strictly follow safety rules.  2. Create a pleasant working environment and prevent safety accidents.  Chapter  6 So cial Responsibility as a Global Corporate Citizen  XVII.Article 17 (Contribution to the country and society)  1.  The  company  respects  and  complies  with  all  domestic  and  international  laws,  accounting  standards, and transaction practices.  2. We respect the pr inciples of market competition, business ethics, and trading customs, and do  not make profits through unfair means.  3. As a corporate citizen, the company contributes to the development of the country and local  community by creating jobs and paying taxes f aithfully.  4. The company complies with laws such as the Foreign Exchange Management Act and prepares  the source and title of funds in accordance with laws and accounting standards.  5. The company faithfully implements laws and regulations related to impor t and export.  6.  The  company  must  strive  for  social contribution  activities  such  as  charity  sponsorship  for  corporate social responsibility.

XVIII.Article 18 (Global Companies)  1. All business activities overseas are conducted in compliance with all laws  and regulations of the  country and respect the culture and traditions of each country.  2. Comply with international agreements and fair trade laws of each country (US Foreign Corrupt  Practices Act, UK Bribery Act, OECD Anti - Bribery Convention, etc.).  3. In  order to facilitate business processing, the company prohibits the use of facilitation payments  that violate the law.  Chapter  7 Compliance with the Code of Ethics  XIX.Article 19 (Basic Principles)  1. Executives and employees must faithfully comply with t he Code of Ethics, using it as a standard  for behavior and value judgment.  2. The company will discipline executives and employees who violate the ethics regulations in  accordance with the rewards and punishment regulations, but will take into account circ umstances  when reporting voluntarily.  XX.Article 20 (Reporting Obligation)  Executives  and employees  become aware that their own actions as well as those of others violate  the Code of Ethics, they must report the fact to the ES) Business Management Team.  XXI.Article 21 (Protection of informants)  Ethical  management  must be strictly guaranteed and protected from any form of disadvantage.  XXII.Article 22 (Measures in case of violation of ethics regulations)  1. If it is recognized or judged that activities  that violate the ethics regulations have been carried  out, the company may conduct audit activities.  2. If an act is found to be in violation of the ethics regulations, it will be referred to the personnel  committee for deliberation and resolution.

3. All  executives and managers are responsible for educating and managing their employees to  comply with the ethics regulations, and measures will be taken against executives and employees  who violate them in accordance with the reward and punishment regulations.  4. This code of ethics must be observed by the company's executives, employees and stakeholders,  and in case of violation, lenient punishment such as extenuating circumstances is excluded.  Supplementary provisions  1. Hankook & Company’s Code of Ethics is  enacted and enforced from August 1, 2001.  2. Hankook & Company's Code of Ethics will be revised and implemented from February 1, 2005.  3. Hankook & Company's Code of Ethics will be revised and take effect from July 15, 2007.  4. Hankook & Company's Code of  Ethics will be revised and implemented from October 8, 2010.  5. Hankook & Company's Code of Ethics will be revised and implemented from April 1, 2013.  6. Hankook & Company's Code of Ethics will be revised and implemented from July 1, 2014.  7. Hankook & Co mpany Code of Ethics will be revised and implemented from August 1, 2017  8. Details regarding the prohibition of receiving unjust enrichment, such as money or valuables, are  separately determined in the ‘Guide to the handling of unjust enrichment, includin g money or  valuables.’  9. Details regarding the use of social media are set separately in the ‘Social Media Usage Guidelines’.  10.  Hankook & Company’s Code of Ethics will be revised and take effect from January 29, 2021.  Details regarding  “ prohibition of r eceiving unjust enrichment, such as money or valuables ”  and  “ use of social media ”  are separately determined in the  “ Ethics Code Practice Guidelines. ”  11. Hankook & Company Code of Ethics will be revised and take effect from February 24, 2021

Tips for ope rating the reporting system  Chapter  1: General Provisions  I. Article 1 (Purpose)  This  guideline is to protect and support informants, prevent  misconduct,  and improve irrational  work processes by determining matters necessary for the operation of the reporting system, such  as receiving and processing reports, and protecting and compensating informants.  II. Article 2 (Scope of Application)  These  tips  apply  to  all  stakeholders  and  outsiders,  including  the  company's  executives  and  employees, and partner companies that have business relationships with the company.  III.Article 3 (Definition of Terms)  The definitions of terms used in  this guide are as follows.  1 . ‘Company’ includes Hankook & Company Co., Ltd., Hankook Tire & Technology Co., Ltd. and its  affiliated companies.  2. ‘Executives and employees’ refers to all executives and employees who receive wages in return  for providing labor to the company.  3. ‘Sta keholder’ refers to a person who is directly or indirectly related to the company’s business  performance and mutually influences the decision - making of the company and its executives and  employees.  4. ‘Reporting’ refers to a series of actions that inform t he Management Diagnosis Team 1 and 2  (hereinafter referred to as the Management Diagnosis Team)  and  the ES)  Management Team through  the reporting channel  or request correction of the behavior subject to reporting discovered  by the  informant.  .  5. ‘Reportin g, etc.’ refers to the act of making a statement, testifying, or providing data in an  investigation, investigation, or lawsuit regarding a tip - off or tip - off.  6. ‘Reporting channel’ refers to a phone call, email, mail, or in - person visit addressed to the  c ompany’s cyber audit office, management diagnosis team  ,  or ES)  business management team  ,

which are established for executives and employees and outsiders to report.  7. ‘Informant’ refers to the person who made the report.  8. ‘Informant, etc.’ refers to a n informant and a person who makes a statement, testifies, or provides  data in an investigation, investigation, or lawsuit regarding the informant.  9.  ‘Act  subject  to  reporting’  refers  to  any  of  the  following  acts  (hereinafter  referred  to  as  ‘misconduct’).  (1) Abusing one's position or authority in relation to one's duties or violating laws, articles of  incorporation, and company regulations (hereinafter referred to as 'laws, etc.') to promote one's own  or a  third  party's interests  (2) Company's budget  Acts  of causing property damage to the company  by violating  laws and  regulations in using or concluding and performing a contract to which the company is a party, or  in acquiring, managing, or disposing of property.  (3) Acts that violate the company's code of  ethics and its subordinate regulations (including receiving  unfair profits such as money or valuables, sexual harassment, etc.)  (4) Work  Acts that cause property damage to the company due to the irrationality and inefficiency  of the system  10.'Disadvantage s  ‘Disposition’ refers to a disposition that falls under any of the following items.  (1) Status of dismissal, dismissal, etc.  Disadvantageous measures equivalent to loss of status  (2) Unfair personnel actions such as warnings, reprimands, pay cuts, suspens ions, etc.  (3) Personnel actions against the person's will, such as transfer, transfer, non - assignment of duties,  and job reassignment  (4) Discrimination  in performance  evaluation,  etc. and  subsequent  discrimination  in wages or  bonuses, etc.  (5) Measures t hat impose economic disadvantages, such as termination of contracts with business  partners  IV. Article 4 (Management Organization and Operation)  1.  Management  Diagnosis  Team  and  ES)  The Management  Team  establishes  and  manages a  reporting channel to encour age reporting, and processes reports received through the reporting

channel.  2. Management Diagnosis Team  and  ES)  The Management Team  shall have a person in charge of  reporting matters under Paragraph 1 to perform the following duties.  (1) Reception,  consultation, and processing of reports  (2) Counseling and relief procedures for informants, etc.  (3) Other tasks necessary to operate the reporting system  3. If it is not specified in these guidelines or the interpretation of the regulations is unclear, t he  interpretation and decision of the management diagnosis team  or  ES)  management team  shall be  followed.  Chapter  2 Report  V. Article 5 (Obligation to Report)  1. In performing their duties, executives and employees must report the misconduct without delay  if they become aware of, or are coerced or suggested to, the misconduct of another executive or  employee.  2. If the acquirer has an obligation to hand over work as stipulated in the employment rules, etc.,  and becomes aware of any misconduct related to th e job, he/she must report it within 6 months  from the time of acquisition.  VI. Article 6 (Informant's duty of good faith)  1. When making a report under Article 5, the informant must make the report when he or she is  certain of the truthfulness of the repo rt or is in a similar situation.  2. If the informant knows or should have known that the contents of the report are false when  making a report under Article 5, he or she will not receive protection according to these provisions.  VII. Article 7 (Method of r eporting)  1. In principle, the informant must specify the following matters in the ‘report form’ and submit it  through  the  reporting  channel,  attaching  relevant  evidence  according  to  the  principle  of  the  following.  (1) Personal information such as name, af filiation, and contact information of the informant

(2) Personal information such as the name, affiliation, and contact information of the person being  reported.  (3) Purpose and reason for reporting  (4) Details of the misconduct  2. In the case of Paragraph  1, in cases of emergency, such as misconduct that is currently in progress  at the time of reporting, only the facts may be reported without evidence, and if unavoidable due  to the circumstances of the reporter, it may be done  anonymously.  VIII.Article 8  (Report Deadline)  1. The deadline for reporting a reportable act is within 5 years from the end date of the act.  2. The report must be made within 6 months from the date of becoming aware of the act in question,  and if the informant is related to the act,  from the date of completion of the act.  Do it within 1  month.  IX. Article 9 (Request for supplementation of report)  1. Management Diagnosis Team  and  ES)  if  some of the information in the report is missing or the  content is unclear, the  management team may  request supplementation of the report within a  reasonable period of time.  2. Management Diagnosis Team  and  ES)  If the informant does not make supplementation within  the period despite the request for supplementation pursuant to paragraph 1, the management  team  may request additional supplementation within a period of 7 days, and may request additional  supplementation  within  that  period  .  If  the  report  is  not  supplemented,  the  report  may  be  terminated in accordance with Article 11.  X. Article 10  (Investigation of Reports)  ES)  management team  that received the report must receive it without delay.  2. The investigation period shall be within 60 days from the start of the investigation, and if there  is a justifiable reason, the period may be extended  within 30 days.  3. The informant has the right to be investigated according to fair procedures.

XI. Article 11 (Report of tip - off)  The  report  are reported immediately or regularly to the CEO/audit committee depending on the  severity of the case.  1. Matte rs to be reported immediately (e.g., cases of irregularities in senior management and internal  accounting management systems and cases that have a significant impact on financial statements,  etc.)  : Management Diagnosis Team 1, 2  /  ES)  Business Management Team  –  Internal Control Team (Audit  Committee Dedicated Organization)  –  Audit Committee  2. Regular reporting matters: CEO  XII.Article 12 (Termination of Report)  Management  Diagnosis  Team  and  ES)  Management  Team  may  suspend  or  terminate  the  investigation without conducting an investigation if the report falls under any of the following items.  1. If the contents of the report are clearly false  2. When the informant’s personal information is unknown  3. If the informant has received request s for supplementation of the report or proof materials, etc.  more than twice, but has not supplemented the information within the supplementation period.  4. If the matter for which you were notified of the processing result of the report is reported again  without justifiable reason.  5. If the content of the report corresponds to content disclosed through the media, etc. and there  is no new evidence other than the disclosed content.  6. If an investigation into the relevant misconduct has begun or has already  been completed  pursuant to other laws or company regulations  7. When there is no evidence to prove the act subject to reporting  XIII.Article 13 (Request for system improvement)  1. Management Diagnosis Team  and  ES)  Management Team  may request related depa rtments to  improve the system to prevent recurrence of reported acts.

2. In the case of paragraph 1, the relevant department must actively implement improvements,  discuss progress with the management diagnosis team, and notify the management diagnosis team  of the improvement results without delay.  Chapter  3 Informant Protection  XIV.Article 14 (Identity Confidentiality)  Must  not inform, disclose, imply, or  report to others his or her personal information or facts that  can be assumed to be an informant, etc.  However, this does not apply when the informant consents  by completing a ‘Confirmation of Consent to Disclosure of Identity’.  2. In accordance with Paragraph 1, investigators related to reports (including management diagnosis  team members) must write a ‘P ledge to Keep Report Confidentiality’ and comply with its contents.  3. If the identity of the informant is exposed due to an executive or employee violating Paragraph  1, the management diagnosis team may investigate the exposure route and request  disciplinary  action against the person involved.  XV.Article 15 (Prohibition on searching for informants)  1. No one may inquire about the identity of the informant to the management diagnosis team, etc.,  or conduct any action that may expose the informant' s identity, such as interrogation to find out  the informant.  2. When a management diagnosis team member receives an inquiry as in Paragraph 1, he/she must  immediately explain that the inquiry is a prohibited act according to these guidelines, and may  reque st disciplinary action if necessary.  3. If the informant determines that his or her identity has been exposed and that identity protection  is necessary, he or she may notify the Management Diagnosis Team  and  ES)  Business Management  Team  of the fact and req uest identity protection.  XVI. Article 16 (Prohibition of unfavorable disposition and relief)  1. No one shall be subject to any disadvantageous disposition in terms of status or discrimination  in working conditions (hereinafter referred to as ‘disadvantag eous disposition’), such as personnel  or disciplinary action by the company, due to reporting or submission of related statements or

materials to the informant, etc.  2. No one may interfere with making a report, etc. or force the informant to cancel the re port, etc.  She  may  request  status guarantee measures (hereinafter referred to as ‘status protection measures’),  such  as  restoration  of  the  disadvantageous  disposition  and  transfer  of  personnel,  to  the  management diagnosis  team.  4. When a request is made pu rsuant to paragraph 3 or when a disadvantageous disposition is  suspected, the management diagnosis team must initiate an investigation.  5. If, as a result of the investigation in Paragraph 4, it is determined that the informant is at risk of  being subject  to personnel or other disadvantages, he or she may request status security measures  from the head of the relevant department, and the head of the department must comply with this  unless there is a justifiable  reason .  6. It is guaranteed that legal advice  can be obtained if necessary to protect the informant.  XVII.Article 17 (Reduction of Liability)  1. If the informant's misconduct is discovered, the disciplinary action may be reduced or exempted.  However, this does not apply  if  exemption from exemption is deemed inappropriate due to the  following conditions for exemption from  exemption:  (1) When the informant does not return unfair profits or compensate for damages  (2) If the person who received a reduced or exempted sentence com mitted the same or similar  misconduct within 3 years.  2. If you report an act subject to reporting, it is deemed that you have not violated the duty of  confidentiality in your job, such as employment rules.  Chapter  4 Compensation  XVIII.Article 18 Payment  of compensation  1. Management Diagnosis Team  and  ES)  If the tip - off results in a property benefit to the company  (increased profits or reduced losses), the  management team determines the level of compensation  for the informant and pays compensation in acco rdance with the  ‘ compensation  payment standards’.  Do .

2. Compensation paid pursuant to Paragraph 1 is received by the Management Diagnosis Team  and  ES)  Business Management Team  , ensures confidentiality, and is paid by depositing it into a deposit  account  in the name of the person receiving the payment.  However,  if the recipient of payment wishes, payment may be made in another way.  3. In the case of paragraph 2, in order to prevent identity exposure, the head of the department  and the person in charge of t he department related to the compensation payment process must  write a ‘report confidentiality pledge’ and comply with its contents.  XIX.Article 19 (Excluding payment of compensation)  Compensation will not be paid for reports that fall under any of  the  following items.  1. If the reported information turns out to be untrue or it is difficult to confirm the truth due to  lack of evidence  2. Matters that have already been recognized by investigative agencies, judicial agencies, etc. and  investigations have b een initiated, or disciplinary procedures, etc. are in progress or have been  completed.  3. Matters that have already been reported or have already been recognized by the management  diagnosis team and other related departments and are under investigation or  for which disciplinary  procedures have been progressed or completed.  4. Matters already disclosed through media reports, etc.  5. If the report is made anonymously or under a pseudonym and the identity of the reporter is  unknown.  6. Matters related to simp le business improvement  7. When reported by a member of the management diagnosis team  8. If compensation is deemed inappropriate as a result of review of other compensation and  exemptions  XX. Article 20 (Recovery of compensation and cancellation of exempt ion)  Compensation  or exemption, compensation may be recovered and exemption may be cancelled.

Chapter  5 Penalties  XXI.Article 21 (Penalties)  1. Management Diagnosis Team  and  ES)  Management Team  may request disciplinary action against  anyone who violates  these guidelines, and will be severely punished in accordance with the rewards  and punishment regulations.  2. A person who reports within the period specified in Article 5, Paragraph 2 may be subject to a  reduced or exempted sentence.  However,  for those in  charge who neglect their duty to report after the period has elapsed, the  disciplinary action specified in the reward and punishment regulations shall be increased.  Supplementary provisions  1. This guideline comes into effect from July 1, 2015.  2. This r ule comes into effect from October 25, 2019.  3. This rule comes into effect from May 23, 2020.  4. This guideline will be revised and take effect from January 29, 2021.  5. This guideline will be revised and take effect from December 1, 2021.

Tips for prac ticing the code of ethics  Chapter  1: General Provisions  I. Article 1 (Scope of Application)  These  guidelines apply to members of Hankook & Company Co., Ltd., Hankook Tire & Technology  Co., Ltd., and its domestic and overseas affiliated companies.  II.  Article 2 (Policy)  This  guideline  establishes  standards  for  decision - making  and action  regarding  ethical  conflict  situations that may arise in the course of work so that members can properly understand and  practice the “Code of Ethics .”  III.Article 3  (Definition of Terms)  1. Money and valuables: All property interests such as money, securities, real estate, other goods,  accommodation tickets, membership tickets, admission tickets, discount tickets, invitation tickets,  viewing tickets, and other usage r ights, as well as entertainment or convenience provision, debt  repayment  ,  employment provision, and granting of interests. Includes all other tangible and  intangible economic benefits, etc.  2.  Entertainment:  Providing  or  receiving  meals,  entertainment,  go lf,  performances,  domestic/international tours, speculative entertainment, etc.  3. Convenience: refers to benefits such as transportation, accommodation, tour information, and  event support other than receiving money or valuables or entertainment.  4. Relat ive: Within the 4th degree of kinship of the applicant and spouse.  5.  Stakeholders:  Individuals  or  groups  (members,  shareholders,  partners,  local  communities,  countries, etc.) whose rights or interests may  be directly  or indirectly  affected by  their work  p erformance.  6. Embezzlement of public funds: The act of stealing public funds and using them as one's own  assets.  7. Misappropriation of public funds: The act of using public funds for other purposes

8. Leakage of property: Unauthorized removal of company  property for personal use or sale, etc.  9. Use for other purposes: Using the company’s facilities, machines, materials, and other items for  personal profit.  10. Negligence: An act of causing loss to the company by failing to do what must be done in  accorda nce with one's position or position.  11. Poor attendance: Deliberately and habitually being late or absent without notice, or performing  abnormal attendance.  12. Neglect of management and supervision: Act of causing loss to the company by failing to fulfil l  the duty of care as a manager.  13. Unreasonable business handling:  1) Failure to do work that should be done or doing something that should not be done for the  purpose of giving benefits or disadvantages to specific stakeholders  2) Delaying, interfering  with, aiding or abetting work, or making false reports for the purpose of  giving benefits or disadvantages to specific stakeholders.  14. Act of exceeding authority: An act of infringing on someone else’s authority by engaging in  something that should not b e done in accordance with one’s position or position, or in matters  outside one’s authority.  15. Sexual harassment: An act of saying or doing something that sexually humiliates another person.  16. Personal information: Information about a living individual  that can identify the individual  through name, resident registration number, video, etc. ( including information that can be easily  identified by combining with other information  even if the information alone cannot identify a  specific individual)  Activit ies such as lectures, lectures, contributions, reviews, and consultations at external training,  promotions, debates, seminars, public hearings, or other meetings, etc.,  using  information and  knowledge acquired during the period of employment at the company .  that  is  recognized  as  having  been  provided  equally  in  similar  cases,  taking  comprehensive  consideration of the location and purpose, scope and status of attendees, internal standards and  ability to bear costs, etc., and does not violate relevant laws and  regulations.  19. Coefficient manipulation: Any management distortions due to manipulation and false reporting  of sales, profit and loss, inventory, etc.

Chapter  2 Receiving or providing a reward to interested parties  IV. Article 4 (Illegal  Solicitation/Acceptance of Solicitation)  any  solicitation or acceptance of solicitations from stakeholders performing their duties directly or  through a third party that violates company regulations or laws or is contrary to fair trade practices  and may un dermine fairness in relation to their duties .  •  The act of concluding a transaction agreement and securing corresponding benefits.  •  Intervening in personnel matters such as recruitment and evaluation  •  The act of requesting or accepting an offer or arran gement for future employment or employment,  etc.  •  Other acts of making or directing unfair requests or arrangements for personal gain.  V. Article 5 (Receiving money or valuables)  1.  Principle:  Providing  or  receiving  financial  benefits  to  stakeholders  ‘re gardless  of  reason’  is  prohibited.  •  Stakeholders: All internal and external stakeholders who have a business interest with executives  and employees.  •  Financial benefit: Anything tangible or intangible that can be economically valued.  2. Receiving money o r valuables from external partners  (1) Details of financial interests  I tem  Detail  Note  M oney  1) Money: Cash, checks, various securities, etc.  2) Receiving gifts and conveniences: goods,  accommodation/membership/admission tickets, etc.  3) Agency repayment  (settlement) of debt  A bsolutely  prohibited  E ntertainment  1) Meals, drinking, sports, performances, sightseeing, etc.  Congratulations  and  C ondolences  1) Promotion, advancement, inauguration, etc.  G ambling/ S ex  1) Sexual entertainment, speculative  entertainment

Etc.  1) Borrowing, buying at low prices, selling at high prices  2) Loan guarantee/money loan  3) Employment arrangement, promise to conclude a contract,  etc.  -  However, in the case of meals and drinking, the following normal levels are rec ognized as  exceptions as long as they do not exceed 30,000 won per person.  [Normal level]  ①  There must be a level of common sense, justification, business impact, and mutual burden.  ②  It must be appropriate for the location, purpose, method, frequency,  cycle, period, partner, social  ethics, and customs.  ③  There must be no quid pro quo.  ④  There must be no possibility of violating the law.  ⑤  It may vary depending on the specific situation, nature of work, position, etc.  (2) You must not directly or indire ctly inform your partner company of your own or co - worker’s  congratulations or condolences or receive assistance. At this time, notification through a third party  is also considered an act of notification on the part of the individual.  If a partner provide s a wreath or money for a congratulatory or condolence event without notifying  the company, it must be returned to the partner company after reporting it to the management  audit  organization.  (3) If a stakeholder gives you a gift or other valuable gift, you must politely refuse or return it. Even  if it is unavoidably received, it must not be owned by an individual and must be returned  to the  partner company after reporting to the management dia gnosis  team.  Items that are at risk of  spoilage, such as food, must be reported to the management diagnosis organization and used for  social contribution such as donations. However, exceptions are made for souvenirs  that  do not  exceed 30,000  won.  (4) Exec utives and employees must report any of the following cases in writing to the management  audit organization without delay.  ①  When an executive or employee receives or provides prohibited money or valuables, or receives

a promise or expression of intention  to do so.  ②  If an executive or employee knows that his/her family  member has received or provided  prohibited money or valuables, or has received a promise or expression of intent to do so.  In case ①,  executives and employees must return it to the provider  without delay or express their  intention to refuse.  In addition, the person scheduled to receive the gift must be informed of his or  her intention to cancel.  In case ②,  executives and employees  must ensure that their family returns it to the provider witho ut  delay or express their intention to refuse.  Additionally,  one's family must notify the recipient of their intention to cancel.  (5) Money or valuables inevitably received will be handled as follows.  ①  When return is possible  -  Executives and employees m ust submit money, valuables, etc. that can be returned to the  management diagnosis organization, and the management diagnosis organization must attach a  notice and  return it to the provider or the representative director of the provider's  company.  ②  When r eturn is not possible  -  If it cannot be returned due to reasons such as risk of corruption, deterioration, damage, size,  weight, etc., it will be donated to a social welfare facility or religious organization under the name  of the  provider’s  company.  -  If  donation  is  impossible  because  the  decomposition  has  already  progressed,  it  should  be  discarded immediately.  -  If the donor's personal information is unknown, donations are made to social welfare facilities or  religious organizations in the company's name.  -  In cases where expensive items are not suitable for donation to an external organization, an  appropriate donation source cannot be found, or processing is difficult, processing is requested to  the management advisory organization.  -  In the above cases,  executives and employees must submit the relevant evidence (donation receipt,  disposal certificate, etc.) to the management diagnosis organization without delay.

(6) Violations  ①  If anyone becomes aware that a violation of these guidelines has occurred or  is occurring, he or  she may report it to the management audit organization.  ②  The person reporting must provide detailed personal information of the person and the violator  and the details of the violation.  ③  The person in charge of the management diagnos is organization who has received a report of  a violation must guarantee the confidentiality of the reporter and the contents of the report, and  must ensure  that the reporter  is not disadvantaged due to the report.  (7) Discipline  ①  The company may take nec essary measures, such as disciplinary action against executives and  employees who violate the prohibition on receiving money or valuables, etc .  In  accordance with the  ‘Reward and Punishment Regulations.’  ②  If an executive or employee unavoidably receives m oney or valuables or other unfair benefits,  but voluntarily reports and takes action without delay, the punishment may be exempted.  3. Giving or receiving money or valuables between executives and employees  (1) Details of financial interests  I tem  D etail  N ote  E ntertainment  1)  Eating  ,  drinking,  sports,  show,  tourism, etc.  normal level  Congratulations  and  condolences  1)  Promotion,  Yeongjeon,  inauguration, etc.  normal level  E tc.  1) Borrowing, buying at low prices, selling at high prices  2) Loan  guarantee/money loan  3) Employment arrangement, promise to conclude a contract,  etc.  absolutely  prohibited  [Normal level]  ①  There must be a level of common sense, justification, business impact, and mutual burden.  ②  It must be appropriate for the location, purpose, method, frequency, cycle, period, partner, social

ethics, and customs.  ③  There must be no quid pro quo.  ④  There must be no possibility of violating the law.  ⑤  It may vary depending on the specific  situation, nature of work, position, etc.  However,  the following cases are recognized as exceptions.  -  A farewell gift between members at a normal level due to retirement, transfer, etc.  (2) Any money or valuables offered by a subordinate to a superior (po sition holder) who has the  authority to make decisions on division and promotion, etc., must not be accepted, regardless of  whether it is at a normal level or not.  Even in  business - related relationships, you must not offer or  request money or valuables. Cu stomary promotions, forced meals on birthdays, entertainment, etc.  are prohibited.  (3) Announcement of congratulations and condolences between employees should be done through  in - house congratulations and condolences postings, and information sent through  individual in -  house emails or notices (obituary notices and wedding invitations) is prohibited.  (4)  When  providing  souvenirs  or  promotional  items  to  the  company's  business  partners  for  distribution to an unspecified number of people, the payment  must be ma de  after obtaining  approval for the product in compliance with the payment  regulations.  (5) Money or valuables publicly provided to executives and employees who are in difficult situations  due to illness, disaster, etc., or compensation or prizes received  through contests or drawings, do  not constitute the receipt of money or valuables.  (6) Actions related to donations and support  1) The company's donation and sponsorship activities must be carried out after obtaining approval  according to established proce dures within the scope permitted by relevant laws and social norms.  However,  donations/sponsorship for political purposes are strictly prohibited.  2) We respect the voting rights and political opinions of executives and employees, but do not  engage in poli tical activities within the company or during working hours.  VI. Article  6 (Entertainment)  Request,  or promise entertainment to interested  parties.  Hospitality refers to a variety of activities

conducted  for business - related gatherings and exchanges, such  as meals, drinks, golf, performances,  and  entertainment.  However,  the following cases are recognized as exceptions.  -  Food, drinks, etc. provided uniformly within the normal range by the host to all attendees at an  official event  2. In principle, the cost  of meals with partners is basically borne by the company, and entertainment  is allowed within the limit.  However , if it is unavoidable to share the cost with the partner or if the partner pays the entire cost,  approval must be obtained from the superior ( person in charge).  3. Expensive meals exceeding the normal level with partners, drinking, entering entertainment or  decadent establishments, golfing, etc. are prohibited.  4. Regardless of the amount, entertainment at entertainment bars with assistants of t he opposite  sex is prohibited.  VII.Article 7 (Provision of Convenience)  Convenience  means  providing  or  receiving  benefits  such  as  transportation,  accommodations,  tourism, event support, etc. Convenience  should never  be given  to stakeholders, or requests o r  promises made, either inside or outside of  work .  However , an exception is made for convenience such as transportation, lodging, food, etc., which  the host uniformly provides to all attendees at official events within the usual range.  VIII. Article 8  (Exemption of debt, repayment, guarantee and loan of assets such as money)  1. You must not request or accept offers from interested parties for exemption, repayment, or  guarantee  (regardless  of  the  type  of  lending  institution)  for  debts  (card  charges,  cred it  card  payments, loans, interest, etc.).  2. You must not borrow or lend assets such as money to interested parties, and it is considered a  violation regardless of whether a contract is concluded or interest, rent, or rent is paid or  received .  IX. Article  9 (Restrictions on improper solicitation and receipt of money or valuables from spouse

or relatives)  Even in the case of spouses and relatives,  members  must fulfill their usual duty of care and  management, as this constitutes an act of receiving or provid ing a reward to a stakeholder under  Chapter 2, as in the case  of a member.  X. Article 10 (Transactions with the company in the name of the principal, spouse, or relative)  1. You cannot conduct transactions with the company in the name of yourself, your sp ouse, or your  relatives.  However , exceptions are made in cases where prior approval from the management diagnosis team  has been obtained for the following situations.  -  When purchasing company - owned assets in the name of the person, spouse, or relative  -  I f you, your spouse, or a relative's assets are sold to the company  Transactions may occur even if members, their spouses, or relatives own shares in a company  (partner, agency, store, etc.) over which they  can  exercise management rights, or if  they  are  per forming management duties such as CEO, auditor, or executive.  Regardless of whether there is  a special relationship, the existence of a special relationship must be reported to the management  audit organization.  XI.Article 11 (Joint investment with stakeh olders, joint property acquisition)  Regardless of the purpose, the  principal , spouse, or relatives  cannot acquire assets such as movable  property  or real estate ( I ncluding condominiums,  golf/health club memberships, joint venture  businesses, etc.) by joint ly investing with the company's stakeholders.  Pursuing unfair profits from  partners by using one’s position or position must be prohibited. Here, a partner refers to a company  that has a business relationship with the company and is not an affiliate  of the  company.  Even  if they were acquired in the name of another person, all assets with actual equity ownership  are considered jointly invested with stakeholders.  XII.Article 12 (Investment in Partners)  In principle, personal investment in stocks, bonds, etc.  of partner companies that has the risk of  influencing independent judgment in relation to  work or interfering with faithful performance of

duties is prohibited.  XIII.Article 13 (Private use of non - public information and provision to third parties)  You ca nnot use important information acquired during your  tenure to buy or sell securities, including  stock transactions, or other property interests,  and you must not provide advice or take any action  to influence  such matters.  * Important information: Financia l performance of Hankook & Company and Hankook Tire &  Technology, such as profits and dividends, changes in organizational structure such as mergers and  acquisitions, announcement of major new products or services, significant progress  in research, etc.  X IV.Article 14 (Concurrent positions/appointments of executives and employees of other companies)  You cannot engage in any side - job or side - job activities that may affect your independent judgment  in relation to your  job or that may interfere with your fait hful performance of your duties. However,  concurrent positions at  investment companies, affiliates, etc.  approved by the company's needs are  possible, and if additional compensation is incurred due to concurrent positions, this must be  handled in consultat ion with the HR organization.  If  a person holds a concurrent or concurrent  position without the company's approval, it must be reported to the management audit organization  for review and approval.  XV.Article 15 (External Lectures)  1. If you give an  external lecture using information and knowledge acquired during your tenure at  the company, you must obtain approval from the HR organization.  2. The HR organization, affiliated department head, or management diagnosis organization may  prohibit external l ectures if it is judged that there is a risk of interfering with the job or leaking job  secrets or  information.  XVI.Article 16 (Outflow of company personnel)  1. You must not assist in leaking members’ personal information or contact information to the  outside world or introduce them to headhunters, etc.

Chapter  3 Illegal leakage or personal use of company assets  XVII.Article 17 (Leakage of company assets and information)  1. You must not engage in any acts that cause loss of company assets, such as embe zzlement of  public funds, misappropriation of public funds, leakage of property, or misuse of public funds.  2. Company information and trade secrets must not be disclosed or provided internally or externally  without prior approval.  3. Bidding, technology,  trade secrets, personal information, etc. of all stakeholders will not be leaked  to the outside or disclosed to third parties.  4. All executives and employees must protect the corporate brands and trademarks of Hankook &  Company and Hankook Tire & Technolo gy, and brands and trademarks may be used only with  appropriate approval.  5. Executives and employees must follow safety precautions to protect the company's valuable  information and, if there are special reasons, disclose relevant information after receiv ing approval  from the company.  6. You must be careful not to leak information with proprietary value due to personal carelessness,  and you must maintain  the confidentiality of company information learned during employment even  after your employment relatio nship with the company has ended.  Also  prohibited  from  sympathizing  with  or  encouraging  illegal  activities  to  collect  important  information from  competitors.  8. All executives and employees must keep confidential all confidential information of customers,  business partners, or suppliers.  9. Do not share information with company property value with friends, family, employees, or former  colleagues.  * Information with proprietary value: earnings and other financial data, business plans, information  on  current  and  future  products/services,  personnel  information  including  executives  and  organizational changes  XVIII.Article 18 (Budget waste and private use)  1. Avoid unnecessary budget waste when executing company funds, such as executing investment  budgets and ex pense budgets.

2. Company expenses must not be used for personal purposes, and must only be used for the  intended purpose and must not use false evidence.  3. In principle, expenses such as welfare expenses must be paid using a corporate card and must  be us ed transparently and appropriately for business purposes. In particular, you must not  use it  at  a time, place, or situation unrelated to work, or engage in fraudulent activities such as prepayment.  XIX.Article 19 (Marketing and sales using proper SNS)  1.  Customer information, company confidential information, and any information that may infringe  the company's trade secrets shall not be disclosed, posted, or announced on social media.  2. Do not participate in online conversations or discussion forums relat ed to information that may  be harmful to the company, false facts, or inaccurate information. If you discover such posts, you  must immediately report them to the management audit  organization or relevant department.  3. You must not engage in illegal activi ties such as defaming others, violating human rights, leaking  personal information, or distributing pornography on SNS.  4. When using social media, do not infringe on the copyright, trademark, portrait rights or other  intellectual property rights of a thir d party.  5. Do not personally use Hankook & Company and Hankook Tire & Technology’s CI, including  official logos and brand - related images, in an inappropriate manner on social media.  For  business purposes,  it does not violate the company's official CI  guidelines.  6. False or exaggerated advertising related to products and services is prohibited, and executives  and employees in charge must always write only verifiable and truthful information about products  and services.  7. All materials related to adver tising, marketing, sales, etc. do not contain exaggerated information  about product quality or performance that may cause customer misunderstanding. Additionally,  making false or illegal claims about competitors or  their products and services is prohibited .  8. When expressing opinions through public presentations or social media, employees must disclose  that they are their individual opinions and be careful not to misinterpret them as the opinions of  Hankook & Company or all employees.  9. Company executives  and employees recognize that the Hankook & Company Code of Ethics  applies equally when using all online channels and social media, and actively strive to ensure sound  use of social media.

Chapter  4 Actions that undermine the creation of a healthy corporate culture  XX.Article 20 (Neglect of work and poor attendance)  company  by failing to fulfill your personal responsibilities or misusing or abusing your authority,  such as neglect of work, poor atten dance, neglect of management and supervision, unreasonable  handling of work, or acts exceeding authority.  XXI.Article 21 (False Reporting)  You must not  intentionally  conceal, reduce, exaggerate, omit, or delay documents, coefficients, etc.  that differ fro m the facts, thereby clouding the decision - making and judgment of internal and  external stakeholders or causing  misjudgments.  You must not do anything that may cause damage  to the company.  XXII. Article 22 (Prohibition of unfair acts and discrimination am ong members)  1.  You  must  not  engage  in  any  acts  that  undermine  a  healthy  corporate  culture,  such  as  discriminatory  treatment  among  members,  unfair  work  instructions  from  superiors,  personal  instructions using your position or position, verbal abuse, assaul t, or speculative entertainment.  -  Unfair  work  instructions  from  superiors:  Unfair  transaction  instructions  with  companies,  manipulation of coefficients for important reporting matters, etc.  -  Private instructions: Personal errands unrelated to work (child  care, designated driver, banking, etc.)  -  Verbal language, assault: Any words or actions that violate an individual’s human rights and disrupt  the work atmosphere.  -  Speculative entertainment: cards, mahjong, etc. that exceed the level of temporary entert ainment  2. We provide fair opportunities to executives and employees and  do not discriminate on the  grounds of  gender,  race, region of origin, ethnicity, nationality, religion, age, marriage, gender  identity, social status, disability, pregnancy, military  service status, political orientation, etc. No.  XXIII.Article 23 (Sexual Harassment)

Members  must not engage in any of the following acts that cause mutual sexual shame.  -  Touching or contacting specific body parts  -  Making lewd jokes or telling lewd and  vulgar stories  -  Posting or showing obscene photos or drawings, etc.  -  Forcing people to serve drinks, dance, or sing at company dinners, workshops, group events, etc.  -  Other acts that cause sexual shame according to social norms  -  Other details shall be  in accordance with relevant laws and regulations such as the Act on Equal  Employment Opportunity for Men and Women and Support for Work - Family Balance, and the  Employment Rules.  Chapter  5.  Other  acts  that  may  damage  an  individual's  dignity  and  tarnish  th e  company's reputation.  XXIV.Article 24 (Damage to personal dignity and damage to company reputation)  1. Members must keep in mind that their words and actions represent the company and do their  best to protect the company’s trust and reputation.  2. Perfor m duties honestly and fairly in accordance with the law, company regulations, and one's  own conscience, and engage in unethical behavior that may damage an individual's dignity and  tarnish the company's reputation.  (Gambling, sexual crimes, violence, fraud , etc.)  Must  not be  committed or encouraged.  Chapter  6 Conflict of Interest  XXV.Article 25 (Prevention of conflicts of interest between individuals and companies)  1. All executives and employees must report conflict of interest situations when there may be a  conflict between personal and company  interests.  Necessary,  you should contact your manager, management diagnosis team, or human resources  team.  2. Conflicts o f interest are as follows, and conflicts of interest must be applied to other acts through  strict judgment by executives and employees.

-  Taking personal advantage by using company assets or management information for personal  purposes  -  Utilizing company  information during external activities such as lectures, interviews, or SNS  postings  -  Side - job activities that require a level of effort that interferes with diligent work performance  Chapter  7 Violation of international conventions and laws related to a nti - corruption  (fair trade, bribery, internal transaction money laundering, etc.)  XXVI.Article 26 (Compliance with international conventions and laws related to anti - corruption)  1. Comply with international agreements and fair trade laws of each country (U S Foreign Corrupt  Practices Act, UK Bribery Act, OECD Anti - Bribery Convention, UN Convention  against  Corruption,  Fair Trade Act, etc.).  2. Unfair practices such as bid rigging and abuse of market dominance are prohibited.  3. In accordance with the Anti - Mon ey Laundering Act, you must not launder or assist in the  laundering of funds raised through various crimes or corruption.  4. Internal transactions must comply with laws such as the Fair Trade Act.  5. Interpretation of violations of anti - corruption laws and  regulations must be handled through  consultation with the legal department or management diagnosis team.  Chapter  8 Whistle - blowing and informant protection  1.  In  accordance  with  the  reporting  system  operation  guidelines,  the  informant's  personal  informat ion or facts that may indicate that he or she is an informant must not be disclosed or  disclosed.  2. You must not engage in any act that attempts to find out the identity of the whistleblower or  informant or that makes it possible to expose the identity.  3 . There must not be any disadvantages, such as personnel or disciplinary action, or discrimination  in working conditions due to whistle - blowing or reporting.  4. You cannot interfere with whistleblowing or reporting or force you to cancel your reporting or  whistleblowing.

Chapter  9 Compliance with the Code of Ethics and Practice Guidelines  1. Members have a responsibility and obligation to comply with the code of ethics.  2. The leader of an organization is responsible for supporting and managing its members  and  business - related stakeholders to properly understand and comply with the company's code of ethics,  and must set an example by taking  the lead in complying with it.  3. If you violate this code of ethics, you will be subject to appropriate disciplinary  action and action  in accordance with the procedures.  Supplementary provisions  1.  Hankook & Company Code of Ethics Practice Guidelines will be enacted and implemented from  August 16, 2019.  2. Hankook & Company Code of Ethics Practice Guidelines will be rev ised and implemented from  May 23, 2020.  3. Hankook & Company Code of Ethics Practice Guidelines will be revised and implemented from  January 29, 2021.  4. Hankook & Company’s code of ethics will be revised and implemented from June 29, 2021.


</Automotive_Korea_Hankook & Company_2024.pdf>