This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Automotive_Korea_Hyundai Mobis_2024.pdf>

HYUNDAI MOBIS CODE OF CONDUCT

HYUNDAI MOBIS Code of Conduct

Introduction 10  11 12 13  2  Safety First  3.1 Product Safety 3.2 Industrial Safety  14  15 16  3  Protection of Information and Intellectual Properties  4.1 Personal data 4.2 Confidential Business Information 4.3 Intellectual Property Rights  17  18 19 20  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  5.1 Fair Trade 5.2 Accounting and Taxation 5.3 Customs Tariffs  21  22 24 25  Respect for People  2.1 Human Rights and Labor 2.2 Working Environment 2.3 Responsible Minerals  5  Responsibility to Community  6.1 Customers and Shareholders 6.2 Social Contribution 6.3 Environment 6.4 Business Partners  26  27 28 29 31  6  Work Ethics and Anti-corruption  1.1 Conflict of Interest 1.2 Performing Work with Just Reason 1.3 Anti-Bribery and Corruption  6  7  8 9  1  CEO Message  2  4  Table of Contents  4

2  CEO Message  Introduction  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption  2.  Respect for People  3.  Safety First  4.  Protection of Information  and Intellectual Properties  6.  Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  CEO Message Your Right Decision leads Mobis' Progress

3  CEO Message  Introduction  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption  2.  Respect for People  3.  Safety First  4.  Protection of Information  and Intellectual Properties  6.  Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  Greetings, At Hyundai Mobis, we are committed to sparking positive change and fulfilling the dreams of global societies through innovations in mobility. We not only lead the market with our innovative mindset and technologies but also earn trust and maintain a good reputation through transparent and ethical management. We intend to perform our roles and responsibilities as a reliable global partner committed to building a sustainable future. We have established a compliance management system that includes strict adherence to fair trading laws and have continually engaged in various activities to foster a culture of compliance. This Code of Conduct, which builds upon our Global Compliance Guidelines, signifies our unwavering commitment to compliance management and stands as Hyundai Mobis's highest regulatory standard. Moreover, we constantly update our practices to align with the latest compliance trends and global changes, ensuring our compliance principles remain dynamic and relevant. These principles are designed to guide our employees in making the right decisions during their daily tasks, from adhering to ethical standards and fair trade practices to fulfilling our social responsibilities. By faithfully adhering to the policies and procedures laid out in this Code of Conduct, I am confident that Hyundai Mobis will be recognized as a respected leader in the global automotive parts industry, continuously expanding trust with our customers, partners, and communities, and driving sustainable growth. Thank you.  Gyu Suk Lee CEO Hyundai Mobis

Introduction Declaration of Policy Compliance  Hyundai Mobis ("Company") encourages creative think -  ing and limitless challenges, and strives to become a trusted Company by fulfilling its ethical responsibili  -  ties. This Code shall serve as a standard for the deci  -  sion-making process of Hyundai Mobis' directors, offi -  cers, and employees ("Employees") to guide them to perform and manage their work fairly and responsibly under all circumstances. This Code of Conduct best reflects Hyundai Mobis' renewed sense of commitment to adhere to all applicable rules and regulations, whilst maintaining the highest standard of ethical business practices. Hyundai Mobis complies with all the regulations of the countries it conducts business with, as well as observes the accepted business practices of each jurisdiction.  If local regulations and practices conflict with the Code of Conduct, consult the Compliance Department.  4  CEO Message  Introduction  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption  2.  Respect for People  3.  Safety First  4.  Protection of Information  and Intellectual Properties  6.  Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities

5  CEO Message  Introduction  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption  2.  Respect for People  3.  Safety First  4.  Protection of Information  and Intellectual Properties  6.  Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  Scope of Application  The Code of Conduct applies to (i) all Employees of Hyundai Mobis, (ii) the Company's domestic and foreign subsidiaries, (iii) other entities controlled by the Company. Besides, We strongly encourage the after-mentioned people and entities to adapt the Code of Conduct or an equivalent policy - (iv) joint ventures or consortium to which the Company is a party to, (v) temporary agency personnel, contract personnel, consultants, intermediaries, agents, and (vi) any other third parties acting on behalf of the Company (such as subcontractors and vendors).  Obligation of Employees  Our actions represent Hyundai Mobis in every part of the world. We must always do our best to maintain our dignity and reputation as Employees of Hyundai Mobis. We should strive to make informed decisions based on a comprehensive understanding of the Code of Conduct and sufficient knowledge about the nature of our business. Employees should be particularly well-equipped with regulations that relate to our job responsibilities. We must refrain or disengage from any acts that may violate the Code of Conduct or tarnish the reputation of the Company. Employees must also immediately report any violation or suspected violation of the Code of Conduct to the supervisors and the Compliance Department. Appropri  -  ate disciplinary measures may be taken against Employees who violate the provisions of the Code  of Conduct.  Reporting Violations  Employees have an obligation to immediately report any violations of the Code of Conduct, related guidelines, and/or any other unethical or illegal acts to the Compliance Department. The Company has established various reporting channels that Employees are encouraged to use to report any illegal or unethical conduct. Employees who are uncertain on whether or not there has been misconduct should seek guidance from the Compliance Department. The Company also has a whistleblowing procedure that an Employee can use to report illegal or unethical conduct. Hyundai Mobis shall undertake to ensure the anonymity of the whistleblower and maintain strict confidentiality of the content of the report. The Company has a zero tolerance policy for retaliating against Employees who report misconduct in good faith.

C  1.1   Conflict  of  Interest  General Conflicts of Interest  Insider Trading  Appropriate Use of Company Assets  1.2  Performing Work with Just Reason  Compliance at Work  Unreasonable Work Directions  Signing of Contracts  1.3  Anti-Bribery and Corruption  Bribery and Corruption  Gifts, Entertainment and Hospitality  Political Neutrality  WORK ETHICS AND ANTI-CORRUPTION 1.

7  CEO Message  Introduction  1. Work Ethics and Anti-corruption  2.  Respect for People  3.  Safety First  4.  Protection of Information  and Intellectual Properties  6.  Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and  Fair Business Activities  1.1 Conflict of Interest  1.2 Performing Work with Just Reason  1.3 Anti-Bribery and Corruption  Conflict of Interest  General  Conflicts  of  Interest  A conflict of interest can arise in various situations. We have a responsibility to remain objective and avoid situations that can create a conflict of interest. Employees should be mindful of personal rela  -  tionships and family members, as transactions or arrangements with anyone you have a personal connection to is prohibited. Employees should not engage in personal activi  -  ties that may reflect adversely on the Company or otherwise suggest a possible conflict of interest. As Employees of Hyundai Mobis, we expect our jobs at the Company to be prioritized ahead of any other business opportunities or secondary careers. Employees should also keep in mind that investing in a company that does business with or competes with Hyundai Mobis can be considered a conflict  of interest. If an Employee is unsure whether or not there is a conflict of interest situation, he/she should consult with the Compliance Department in advance.  Insider Trading  Employees are prohibited from disclosing or using internal information of the Company for their own personal benefit. 'Internal information' refers to undisclosed or confidential information that may affect the value of the Company's stocks or securi  -  ties, such as information on mergers and acquisi  -  tions, profit dividend policies, and major research results. Furthermore, Employees are prohibited from purchasing or recommending the purchase of securities based on internal information and con  -  versing with others about assets related to new investments by the Company.  Appropriate Use of Company Assets  Hyundai Mobis' assets and facilities must only be used to conduc t legitimate business or for any purposes approved by the Company. Employees should treat all Company assets with care and safe -  guard them against damage, misuse and theft. Our assets include (i) any thing that is invented, obtained or owned by the Company; (ii) all physical assets, such as fixtures, equipment and facilities and, (iii) all technological and intellectual assets, such as trade secrets and intellectual property. All of Hyundai Mobis' assets are provided for our business use only, in accordance with the Compa  -  ny's policies. Our assets should not be used for per -  sonal use or activities.  Principle Employees of Hyundai Mobis are responsible for avoiding conflicts of interest which may arise when personal interests interfere with our ability to make objective decisions at work. Even potential conflicts should be avoided.  1.1  Conflict  of  Interest

8  CEO Message  Introduction  1. Work Ethics and Anti-corruption  2.  Respect for People  3.  Safety First  4.  Protection of Information  and Intellectual Properties  6.  Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  Compliance at Work  Compliance at Work  A ll work mus t be carried out according to the regulations and procedures of the Company. All decision-making documents must be kept and  protected from loss or damage, for the necessary retention period and must comply with the applica -  ble laws and management regulations.  Unreasonable Work Directions  Employees should treat each other with courtesy and respect and should not misuse their superior status to treat Employees unfairly. If Employees are given unreasonable work directions which affects their impar tial work per formance, the direction should not be followed. An Employee who feels  personally disadvantaged for not following a unrea -  sonable work direction should consult the Compli  -  ance Department.  Signing of Contracts  Negotiation and signing of contrac t s shall be  carried out within the delegated authority, and all final contracts (including electronic ones) should be in writ ten form and in accordance with the Company's policies, procedures and related reg  -  ulations. All contracts must contain all the terms and conditions agreed upon by the par ties, and the results of the contract must be recorded and archived appropriately.  Principle Hyundai Mobis strives to foster an environment where Employees work honestly, responsibly, and fairly according to Company regulations. We prohibit any unfair work directions and the use of force or pressure to impede the integrity of the work performed. Employees should fulfil their respective responsibilities and duties with integrity.  1.2  Performing Work with Just Reason  1.1 Conflict of Interest  1.2 Performing Work with Just Reason  1.3 Anti-Bribery and Corruption

9  CEO Message  Introduction  1. Work Ethics and Anti-corruption  2.  Respect for People  3.  Safety First  4.  Protection of Information  and Intellectual Properties  6.  Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  Anti- Corruption  Bribery and Corruption  Hyundai  Mobis  prohibits  any  acts  of  bribery  or cor-ruption.  Employees  may  not  give  or  receive any-thing  of  value  to  and  from  anyone.  We  do not  tol-erate  the  use  of  undue  influence  on government  officials  which  includes  actions  like donations,  facil-itation  payments  and  simple promises  or  proposi-tions  of  undue  economic benefits.  These  actions  can  be  deemed  as  acts of  corruption  and  brib-ery.  Acts  of  corruption are  punishable  by  Hyundai  Mobis'  internal disciplinary action. Hyundai Mobis explicitly forbids making any direct or  indirect  payments  to  government  officials  that are  intended  to  expedite  routine  procedures  or circumvent  administrative  delays.  Such  payments, often  referred  to  as  facilitation  payments,  are strictly prohibited. All  charitable  donations  and  sponsorships  must be  transparent  and  fair, adhering  to  our  internal guidelines  and  procedures.  Donations  and sponsorships  intended  for  political  purposes  are not  allowed.  Furthermore, offering  or  promising to provide unjust economic benefits is considered an act of corruption and is strictly forbidden.  Gifts, Entertainment and Hospitality  Gifts, Entertainment  and  Hospitality  ("Gift")of any value, arising  out  of  the  ordinary  course  of business can be necessary and desirable to build stronger  relationships  between  business  partners but it can also create a conflict of interest. All Gifts must be reasonable and proportionate to the  purposes  being  served.  Any  Gift  that  is unrea-sonable  and  disproportionate  to  the extent  that  it  actually  influences  or  is  perceived to  influence  the  decision-making  process,  may be  considered  as  bribery  and  corruption; as such, any  violation  or  potential  violation  should be reported to the Com-pliance Department. Gifts  include  non-financial  benefits  which  may pro-vide convenience. If Employees ever have any doubt  on  unlawful  Gifts,  the  Compliance Department should be consulted.  Political Neutrality  Hyundai Mobis tolerates and respects the diverse political  views  of  its  Employees  and encourages them to participate in political and government affairs as individual citizens. However, Hyundai  Mobis  itself  does  not  make illegal  campaign  contributions  or  pay  expenses for  spe-cific  political  candidates,  political organizations, and  any  other  organizations  that may  affect  or  influence  policymaking  or  other political agendas. While Hyundai Mobis respects individual political ideologies, Employees  shall  not  engage  in  any polit-ical  activity  within  the  Company.  Any political  dona-tions  made  on  behalf  of  Hyundai Mobis  shall  be  con-sulted  in  advance  with  the Compliance Department. Political  donations  include  money,  corporate assets, and  financial  support  to  support  the political views of any Employee.  Principle Hyundai Mobis is committed to complying with all applicable anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations in any country it conducts business with. The Company does not tolerate anyone who solicits, receives, offers or promises to offer any form of improper profits or favors that may impair the integrity of our work and business under any circumstances.  1.3  Anti-Bribery and Corruption  1.1 Conflict of Interest  1.2 Performing Work with Just Reason  1.3 Anti-Bribery and Corruption

2.1  Human Rights and Labor  Human Rights Protection Policy Compliance with the Labor Relations Law Prohibition of Discrimination  2.2  Working Environment  No Disrespectful Behavior in the Workplace No Drugs and Alcohol Improvement of the Work Environment  2.3  Responsible Minerals  Sustainable Mineral Procurement Policy  RESPECT FOR PEOPLE 2.

11  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption  2. Respect for People  CEO Message  Introduction  3.  Safety First  4.  Protection of Information  and Intellectual Properties  6.  Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  Human Rights & Labor  Human Rights Protection Policy  Hyundai Mobis respects the universally recognized human rights in all aspects of our business oper  -  ations and in the course of providing produc ts and services. Both the UDHR and Hyundai Mobis' Human Rights Protection Policy strictly prohibit labor exploitation and involuntar y employment. This includes inhumane acts such as forced labor resulting in mental and physical constraints and the trafficking and slavery of children and adolescents. These principles serve as our general guiding prin  -  ciple in our investment activities and businesses and applies to all Hyundai Mobis' Employees as well as all of our business partners.  Compliance with the Labor Relations Law  Hyundai Mobis guarantees freedom of association and collective bargaining rights under the labor regulations of each country. We do not compel our Employees to work against their free will nor allow unfair treatment to those who organize, join, or par -  ticipate in trade unions. Hyundai Mobis complies with all applicable regulations governing employ  -  ment, termination, working hours, minimum wage, overtime pay, social insurance subscriptions, annual leave and vacations.  Prohibition of Discrimination  Hyundai Mobis is committed to maintaining a safe, diverse and professional work environment where everyone is treated equally and with respect. We strive to create an inclusive environment where diverse ideas, perspectives and beliefs are respected. We prohibit discrimination against anyone for any reason. This includes race, color, religion, age, gen -  der, marital status, nationality, political views, social status, or physical and mental disabilities. In addi -  tion, discrimination against unfair working condi -  tions such as salary, welfare, job promotion, and dis -  ciplinary action is not tolerated. Any form of unlawful behavior, harassment or inappropriate conduct vio -  lates our policies and is strictly prohibited. Every Employee is responsible for reporting viola -  tions or prohibited behavior in a timely manner. Any conduct that is unlawful or otherwise also violates our policies.  Principle Hyundai Mobis respects and protects the human rights of people and prohibits unfairly discriminating against anyone. We also uphold international human rights standards, norms and labor relations laws of all applicable countries, including the United Nation's Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) and guiding principles.  2.1  Human Rights and Labor  2.1 Human Rights and Labor  2.2 Working Environment  2.3 Responsible Minerals

12  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption  2. Respect for People  CEO Message  Introduction  3.  Safety First  4.  Protection of Information  and Intellectual Properties  6.  Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  Working Environment  No Disrespectful Behavior in the Workplace  Hyundai Mobis strives to create an environment where Employees can work with mutual respect and free from any inappropriate verbal, visual or physical harassment. This includes using violent language, verbal abuse, physical violence, sexual harassment or any action that insinuates offensive language or behavior. Hyundai Mobis attempts to create an atmosphere where Employees can safely report violations with  -  out fear. Each report shall be carefully reviewed and discretely handled. Retaliating to any Employee who has reported or cooperated in an investigation for disrespectful behavior is strictly prohibited.  No Drugs and Alcohol  Hyundai Mobis prohibits Employees from working under the influence of drugs and alcohol and pro  -  motes a substance free environment. We want to protect the welfare of our Employees by cultivating a safe and healthy working culture. Hyundai Mobis prohibits any activities involving illegal or smuggled drugs. This consist of the use, possession, manu  -  facture, distribution, transportation, sale, free offer and promotion of drugs. If an Employee show any signs of drug use or alco  -  hol consumption, such as significantly impaired judgment, deteriorating work per formance or abnormal behavior, the Company may ask the Employee to cooperate in an inves tigation for potentially violating the drug and alcohol abuse pol -  icy. Employees who violate this policy or refuse to cooperate without due cause may be subject to dis -  ciplinary action.  Improvement of the Work Environment  We actively encourage and support our Employees efforts for self-enrichment through improving their capabilities, exper tise and competitiveness. We intend to create an atmosphere where Employees can work independently and creatively to pursue those developments. The Company also seeks to improve the quality of life for all Employees by pro  -  viding various welfare improvement programs.  Principle Hyundai Mobis respects each Employee as independent individuals and promotes a dynamic organizational culture based on mutual trust and understanding. We prohibit improper or disrespectful behaviors.  2.2  Working Environment  2.1 Human Rights and Labor  2.2 Working Environment  2.3 Responsible Minerals

13  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption  2. Respect for People  CEO Message  Introduction  3.  Safety First  4.  Protection of Information  and Intellectual Properties  6.  Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  Responsible Minerals  Sustainable Mineral Procurement Policy  Hyundai Mobis is committed to preventing human rights  abuses  and  environmental  harm  that  may occur  during  the  mining  process, especially  in conflict and high-risk areas. Our goal is to ensure that  the  minerals  used  in  our  products  are sourced responsibly—mined  in ways that do not fund  local  militants  or  undermine  human  rights and  environmental  standards.  This  approach  is integral  to  our  social  responsibilities  and  to establishing a sustainable supply chain. In  line  with  the  OECD  Due  Diligence  Guidance, Hyundai Mobis adheres to applicable national laws related  to  the  use  of  conflict  and  responsible minerals. We are committed to ensuring that our production processes are free from minerals mined unethically, including tin, tantalum, tungsten, gold, and  cobalt—commonly  referred  to  as  conflict minerals, and  that  our  business  practices  are devoid  of  any  related  human  rights  or environmental abuses.  2.3  Responsible Minerals  Principle Hyundai Mobis is committed to fostering a sustainable supply chain that avoids unethical practices in the manufacturing process, particularly the use of conflict minerals or responsible minerals regulated internationally.  2.1 Human Rights and Labor  2.2 Working Environment  2.3 Responsible Minerals  We require our suppliers to follow these principles concerning conflict and responsible minerals, which includes engaging only with smelters and refineries certified by recognized global third parties. Together  with  our  partners,  Hyundai  Mobis diligently  works  to  ensure  that  the  entire  supply chain is free from the use of illegally or unethically produced minerals.

3.1  Product Safety  Product Safety Management System  Documentation  Sourcing  Report and Response  3.2  Industrial Safety  Industrial Accident  Countermeasures  SAFETY FIRST 3.

15  2.  Respect for People  3. Safety First  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption CEO Message  Introduction  4.  Protection of Information  and Intellectual Properties  6.  Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  Product Safety Management System  Hyundai Mobis conducts strict quality assurance inspec -  tions during product design and the manufacturing pro -  cess to comply with the high safety standards. We have established a quality management system that meets international standards such as the IATF 16949/ISO 9001 standards (Quality Management System Certification). When designing and manufacturing products, Employees must regularly check that the product safety regulatory requirements are complied with, by considering regula -  tions regarding product liability and automobile safety. When product designers design or produce new prod -  ucts, it must be based on the principles of automobile safety and product liability laws. The designers must continuously check that they are complying to the regu -  lations in order to fulfil the product safety requirements. When new designs are made or existing designs are modified, it must be done in accordance with the most recent design procedures that are deemed safe and con -  sistent with improving safety. In addition, hazardous materials which may pose a threat to consumer products are prevented systemat -  ically through our Material Data Management System. Employees must periodically check for the (i) composite of materials, (ii) product's safety and (iii) changes in the composition of materials in accordance with the existing guidelines and processes.  Documentation  Employees in design and production must duly docu -  ment their products at all times. Commencing at the beginning of the process, Employees should record any changes in safety grounds, improvements and produc -  tion. This includes the approval, and implementation of any changes to detail their judgment on product safety. These records should be documented or computerized at all times. Even if the design or production changes are made based on professional data or analysis, the safety grounds and/ or improvements should be summarized in generic terms so that they can be submitted when necessary.  Sourcing  Product safety issues may also arise when Hyundai Mobis makes an external procurement of parts or mate -  rials from unqualified companies. Employees must pay careful attention to the internal policy when select -  ing suppliers. Once selected, Employees need to make sure that those companies comply with Hyundai Mobis' design and quality assurance standards. Any concerns regarding the safety and quality of the procured parts should be handled according to internal regulations and immediately resolved.  Reports and Responses  Hyundai Mobis thoroughly reviews and handles any prod -  uct safety issues. If an Employee identifies an internal or external problem in regards to work safety or product recall, he/she must immediately report it to the Company. When an Employee is questioned regarding Hyundai Mobis' product safety of, he/she must refrain from giving unverified, provisional answers on behalf of the company. Employees should only give accurate information based on the official opinion of the Company after checking with the manager and department in charge.  Principle Hyundai Mobis complies with all product safety and quality regulations in the countries we conduct business with and we also observe our own standards. We assume full responsibility for our products, and are committed to providing products with the highest quality and reliability without ever compromising safety.  3.1  Product Safety  3.1 Product Safety  3.2 Industrial Safety

16  2.  Respect for People  3. Safety First  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption CEO Message  Introduction  4.  Protection of Information  and Intellectual Properties  6.  Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  Safety Management  Industrial Accident  Hyundai Mobis proac tively at tempts to prevent and manage hazardous materials, disasters and risks. The Company always applies appropriate risk prevention measures before performing any task. Hyundai Mobis provides a safe working envi  -  ronment for all Employees by taking precautionary measures against risks. We provide a safe work  -  ing environment by (i) designing a safe workplace, (ii) working according to internal precautionar y measures and safety rules, (iii) providing protec  -  tive equipment and (iv) conducting on-going safety training sessions. These are systematically managed through the operation of the Industrial Safety and Health Commission. We also assign a safety envi  -  ronment manager to each business site, and comply with a globally recognized health and safety man  -  agement system through an Occupational Health and Safety Management System (OHSAS 18001).  Countermeasures  Everyone at Hyundai Mobis must comply with all regulations and Company policies related to san  -  itation and safety. Employees shall report to their respective supervisors immediately after learning of any practices or conditions that may lead to an accident. The safety manager must immediately examine the all reported accidents, whether actual or potential, and carry out the necessary health and safety measures to ensure Employee's safety. The manager must analyze the cause of the accident, inspect the risks involved, and make efforts to pre  -  vent recurrence.  Principle Hyundai Mobis is committed to safeguarding the rights of our Employees as well as maintaining a safe and healthy workplace.  3.2  Industrial Safety  3.1 Product Safety  3.2 Industrial Safety

PROTECTION OF INFORMATION AND INTELLECTUAL PROPERTIES  4.  4.1  Personal data  Collection and Management of Personal Data  Personal Data Protection Measure  Report and Responses  4.2  Confidential   Business Information  Safeguarding Company Information  Trade Secrets of Other Companies  4.3  Intellectual Property Rights  Protection of Intellectual Property Rights  Intellectual Property Rights of Third Parties  Intellectual Property Rights and Employment

18  3.  Safety First  4. Protection of Information and Intellectual Properties  2.  Respect for People  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption CEO Message  Introduction  6.  Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and  Fair Business Activities  Personal Data  Collection and Management of Personal Data  Personal data is information that can identify a spe -  cific individual by identifiers such as name, address, contact details, video or photographs. H y undai Mobis law f ull y collec t s the minimum amount of personal data necessary, for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and prohibits the wrongful use of data, including the unautho  -  rized use by third parties. The minimum number of Employees needed are placed in charge of handling personal data. Hyundai Mobis regularly trains these Employees for the purposes of protecting and pre  -  venting infringement of personal data. The train  -  ing includes information on the basic personal data protection regulations of each country, the Compa -  ny's privacy principles, and the prohibited disclo  -  sure regarding the personal data collected.  Personal Data Protection Measure  To protect the collected personal data, Hyundai Mobis designates an Employee to protect personal data in accordance with the related regulations, as well as to implement any technical and administra  -  tive measures necessary. These measures include the (i) establishment and execution of internal management and supervision process, (ii) installation and operation of access control devices, encryption of personal information, and anti-hacking measures, (iii) monitoring regu  -  latory changes related to personal data protection to take appropriate measures, (iv) managing and enhancing the security of the system, and (v) reg  -  ularly checking to ensure the protective measures are being properly implemented.  Report and Responses  In t he e vent of p er s onal dat a inf r in gem ent s , Employees are obliged to report it immediately to the supervisor, security manager, and Compliance Department to take measures to prevent further  damage.  In addition, the affected individual shall be notified promptly about the infringement so that they can take the appropriate steps against any loss caused by the potential misuse of personal data.  Principle Hyundai Mobis complies with the relevant regulations when it comes to processing and protecting personal data. We also follow the personal data protection policy of the Company. Any personal data collected is only used for the legitimate purposes of business and necessary precautions are taken to prevent illegal disclosure of any personal data in safekeeping.  4.1  Personal Data  4.1 Personal Data  4.2 Confidential Business Information  4.3 Intellectual Property Rights

19  3.  Safety First  4. Protection of Information and Intellectual Properties  2.  Respect for People  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption CEO Message  Introduction  6.  Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  Confidential Information  Safeguarding Company Information  All Employees must manage Company information carefully and take necessary measures to protect the conf identialit y and securit y of the informa  -  tion. Company data should be managed and safe  -  guarded based on the relevant security regulations. In general, any financial, technical, product or user information that is not publicly known is considered confidential information. This includes strategy and business plans, management changes, mergers and acquisitions and any other information that the Company has not released to the general public. Hyundai Mobis strictly prohibits the acquisition of confidential information using fraudulent means, such as through thef t, fraud, and intimidation. Employees must not disclose any data or informa  -  tion acquired in the course of employment from any tangible or intangible places designated by the Company without permission. This responsibility of confidentiality applies during the term of employ  -  ment but even af ter termination, separation, or  retirement.  If an Employee wishes to share Company informa  -  tion externally, he/she must attain approval from the Company and, enter into an appropriate confi  -  dentiality agreement, if necessary. In the normal course of business, the Company may obtain information about other companies to remain competitive. However, when doing so Hyun -  dai Mobis collects this information in an ethical and legal manner which would not put the Company in any legal risk or affect its reputation. Hyundai Mobis does not acquire its competitors business informa -  tion by using illegal and unethical means such as wiretapping, hacking and bribery. We do not hire our competitors core employees to the steal their trade secrets. In the event that another compa  -  ny's trade secrets are acquired through a contrac -  tual relationship, it is necessary to check whether the information provider has the right authority, and the confidential information provided therein should only be used under the terms and condi  -  tions of the confidentiality agreement.  Trade Secrets of Other Companies  Trade secrets are secrets that have independent economic value. It mainly refers to any technical or management information developed by the Com  -  pany that is kept private to secure a competitive advantage. This may include production and sales methods and other useful technical or managerial information for sales activities.  Principle Hyundai Mobis prohibits acquiring or using another company's trade secrets or any other confidential information in an illegal or improper manner.  4.2  Confidential  Business  Information  4.1 Personal Data  4.2 Confidential Business Information  4.3 Intellectual Property Rights

20  3.  Safety First  4. Protection of Information and Intellectual Properties  2.  Respect for People  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption CEO Message  Introduction  6.  Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  Protection of Intellectual Property Rights  Intellectual property rights are the legal rights for the creations of the human mind that are worth protect -  ing. Intellectual property rights include industrial pro -  prietary rights such as patents, utility rights, trademark rights, design rights as well as any know-how protected according to copyright and newly emerging intellectual  property rights. We protect our intellectual property rights by applying  for and registering them in all applicable countries. Employees should similarly protect and safeguard our intellectual properties. We do not release any intellectual property that is pending approval. The Company's intel -  lectual properties are not used or released in an illegal or unauthorized way, particularly regarding usage, copying, distribution, maintenance and processing. We also com -  ply with the relevant corporate policies. Hyundai Mobis retains ownership of the intellectual properties created by our Employees during the term of employment and even after retirement.  Intellectual Property Rights of Third Parties  Hyundai Mobis does not use third party intellectual prop -  erty rights without lawful authorization. When working, Employees of Hyundai Mobis must only use third-party software and copyrighted works that comply with and are within the scope permitted by law and applicable licensing terms. When using materials from an unknown  origin, Employees must check whether Hyundai Mobis has a license or any other lawful authorization to use such information. In addition, products suspected of infringing on another third party's intellectual property rights may be pro -  hibited from being imported into the country or seized by customs authorities. When purchasing a product, Employees should request the supplier to confirm in writ -  ing, whether or not the supplier has the rights associated with the use of the product's intellectual property. To pro -  tect ourselves from risks of a potential dispute, Employ -  ees should also get written confirmation by the supplier on whether or not Hyundai Mobis can be indemnified by the supplier in the event of an infringement of the suppli -  er's intellectual property rights. Employees should obtain approval from the Company when engaging in business associated with the market -  ing program or the automobile industry by disclosing or announcing those matters. Employees unsure of the associated intellectual property rights and legal rights of any asset or knowledge should consult the Compli -  ance Department for guidance. In the event of litiga -  tion or other government investigations, such as a claim  for damages due to an infringement of intellectual  property rights, Employees should notify the Compli -  ance Department.  Intellectual Property Rights and Employment  Intellectual property rights can be violated by Employees who leave the Company. Therefore, appropriate mea -  sures must be taken when hiring or terminating Employ -  ees to ensure compliance with intellectual property rights. The Company must ensure that new Employees do not bring trade secrets from previous employers. This includes designs, technological developments, trade -  marks, copyrighted works or a list of customers. Employ -  ees of Hyundai Mobis are prohibited from using any information of that kind.  Principle Hyundai Mobis complies with all laws and regulations governing the rights and obligations of intellectual property rights and does not knowingly violate the intellectual property rights of third parties.  4.3  Intellectual Property Rights  4.1 Personal Data  4.2 Confidential Business Information  4.3 Intellectual Property Rights

TRANSPARENT AND FAIR BUSINESS ACTIVITIES  5.  5.1  Fair Trade  Price Fixing  Trading  Business Partners  Antitrust and Fair Trade Act  Cooperating with Investigations  5.2  Accounting and Taxation  Accurate Recordkeeping  Financial Reporting  Taxation  5.3  Customs  Tariffs  Item Classification and Customs Valuation  Anti-dumping and Countervailing Duties  The Country of Origin and Free Trade Zone (FTZ)  Supply Chain Security  Customs Audit

22  4.  Protection of Information and Intellectual Properties  5. Transparent and Fair Business Activities  3.  Safety First  2.  Respect for People  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption CEO Message  Introduction  6.  Responsibility to Community  Price Fixing  Hyundai Mobis supports free trade and prohibits any cooperative or collusive actions that may inhibit fair competition, such as price fixing, production quantit y adjustments or bid-rigging. Prices are independently determined using cost analysis and overall market conditions. A competitor's pricing information should only be acquired using publicly available data and should always be documented with verified sources. Collusion includes implicit and explicit agreements and simple exchanges of business information.  If an Employee is in contact with a competitor, he/ she should not discuss price, sales conditions, pro  -  duction volume or converse in a way that may be interpreted to suggest cooperation, support, align -  ment, market sharing, allocation, or any other sim  -  ilar behaviors. Employees who are unsure whether or not a particular behavior is wrongful or against the law should consult the Compliance Department.  Trading  Hyundai Mobis does not make it peremptor y to enforce resale price conditions on customers as we do not limit discount levels in transactions. We do not offer rebates to our customers on the condition that they agree to a specific resale price. Whilst cer -  tain limiting conditions are lawful and imperative in contracts with customers, dealers and distributors, there are market restrictions and resale condition restrictions that are prohibited by Fair Trade Act in certain countries. If an Employee intends to impose other kinds of restrictions on dealers and/or distrib -  utors, or is proceeding with other types of distribu -  tions or transactions, he/she must consult the Com  -  pliance Department.  Business Partners  Fair trade issues may arise between business part -  ners. All business partners of Hyundai Mobis have the right to make their own business decisions regarding the sale and purchase of products, price setting and selecting their own counterparty. Any attempt to interfere with such voluntary decisions may be in violation of the Fair Trade Act. Hyundai Mobis aims to ensure mutual benefits with our business partners under transparent trading terms and conditions by rejecting unfair competi  -  tion methods or deceptive behaviors and practices. All business opportunities with Hyundai Mobis will be equally awarded, and all transactions will be  conducted fairly at an arm's length.  Principle Hyundai Mobis pursues fair competition based on mutual respect with the purpose of contributing to consumer interests by supplying the best products at competitive prices. We also strive to comply with all antitrust and fair trade laws and regulations in the countries we operate in.  5.1  Fair Trade  5.1 Fair Trade  5.2 Accounting and Taxation  5.3 Customs Tariffs  Fair Trade

23  4.  Protection of Information and Intellectual Properties  5. Transparent and Fair Business Activities  3.  Safety First  2.  Respect for People  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption CEO Message  Introduction  6.  Responsibility to Community  Antitrust and Fair Trade Act  Employees should note that any violation of the Fair Trade Act may result in criminal convictions as well as internal disciplinar y actions. It is also import  -  ant to keep in mind that obstructing the execution of government investigations led by competition authorities or law enforcement agencies can be a serious violation of the law. A s a preventative measure, each business divi  -  sion must complete training on fair trade to ensure that all Employees are familiar with the Fair Trade Act. Fair trade training sessions are mandatory for Employees who are responsible for price setting and customer sales. We should actively cooper  -  ate with regular internal monitoring and audits to ensure compliance with the Fair Trade Act.  Cooperating with Investigations  Competition authorities may visit and investigate each business site without prior notice, request submission of cer tain documents and conduc t employee inter views to ensure compliance with the Fair Trade Ac t. We must ac tively cooperate with competition authorities and judicial agencies in their legitimate data submission requests and inquiries, keeping in mind that obstruction of pub  -  lic service in an investigation process can be a seri  -  ous violation of law. If needed, Employees may seek advice on how to respond to investigations from the Compliance Department.  5.1 Fair Trade  5.2 Accounting and Taxation  5.3 Customs Tariffs

24  4.  Protection of Information and Intellectual Properties  5. Transparent and Fair Business Activities  3.  Safety First  2.  Respect for People  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption CEO Message  Introduction  6.  Responsibility to Community  Accounting & Taxation  Accurate Recordkeeping  All Employees must maintain books and records accurately in accordance to the International Finan -  cial Reporting Standards (IFRS), relevant corporate regulations, internal control systems and general accounting principles. Hyundai Mobis prohibits any forgery, alteration of documents and dishonest acts that may misrepresent the nature of business activ -  ities. The Company endeavors to comply with the applicable regulations of the countries it operates business in at all times.  Financial Reporting  Hyundai Mobis prepares its complete f inancial information in an honest and objective manner. We maintain our books and records to accurately reflect our business and financial situation. Employ -  ees must provide verifiable, clear and timely finan  -  cial reports to the current and potential investors, lenders and other creditors of Hyundai Mobis.  Taxation  Tax risks may arise from our business activities such as new investments, changes in business detail, restructuring, and international transactions.  Hyundai Mobis files our tax returns and payment obligations in accordance to the laws and regula  -  tions of each countr y we conduct business with. We maintain a transparent relationship with the tax authorities, and faithfully respond to their data submission reques t s and inves tigations.  Hyundai Mobis prohibits all illegal tax evasion activ -  ities, such as international tax evasion, and com  -  plies with the Company's transfer pricing policies and OECD transfer price guidelines in dealing with affiliates and related parties.  Principle Hyundai Mobis maintains transparent through our accurate accounts and disclosure, in addition to faithfully complying with our tax obligations.  5.2  Accounting and Taxation  5.1 Fair Trade  5.2 Accounting and Taxation  5.3 Customs Tariffs

25  4.  Protection of Information and Intellectual Properties  5. Transparent and Fair Business Activities  3.  Safety First  2.  Respect for People  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption CEO Message  Introduction  6.  Responsibility to Community  Item  Classification  and   Customs Valuation  Employees must regularly update and maintain the valid -  ity of the source of the HS code and of the item classifi -  cation notices of each country. An accurate method of determining the value of goods declared for importation shall be used for customs valuations. Employees should consult with the relevant departments prior to submit -  ting payment in relation to the customs declaration for items imported. This comprises of royalty, development cost, actual costs incurred, and production support cost.  The Country of Origin and Free Trade Zone (FTZ)  The country of origin subject to preferential duty pro -  grams under various Free Trade Agreements (FTA) must be accurately stated in accordance with the specific requirements and criteria set by each respective FTA regime. Employees must ensure that all the relevant information provided comes from credible sources and is accurate and reliable. Accordingly, any country of ori -  gin certificates and import/export transaction records must be in accordance with corporate procedures. Unless otherwise permitted by relevant regulations, back-dating, counterfeiting, or altering the date of a tar -  iffs document to retroactively qualify for preferential duty programs can be subject to the internal disciplinary action of the Company, and/or criminal actions. However, Free Trade Zones (FTZ) are designed to be cus -  toms-free for the purpose of re-export. Hyundai Mobis treats products imported into the FTZ in compliance with relevant regulations and accounting standards incorporated therein so that the imported products are only used for re-exports or other authorized purposes. Employees shall not introduce FTZ products into a local market unless the regulatory requirements are met.  Anti-dumping and Countervailing Duties  We do not engage in dumping sales of products, such as exporting products below the price we normally charge in our own domestic market or encouraging exports through improper government subsidies. Anti-dumping and countervailing duties are determined based on the country of origin. Employees should stay alert to ensure that the Company complies with the most recent cus -  toms tariff regulations, and also have accurate informa -  tion on the origin of products. If an Employee receives any requests for additional information from a third party due to potential anti-dumping and/or counter -  vailing duties, he/she needs to seek guidance from the Compliance Department.  Supply Chain Security  Hyundai Mobis complies with the supply chain security standards, and the Employees responsible for manag -  ing customs clearance are obliged to meet all applica -  ble requirements. These include the U.S. Customs Trade Partnership (C-TPAT) against terrorism and the qualifica -  tions for the Authorized Economic Operator (AEO).  Customs Audit  Hyundai Mobis is regularly audited by the customs authorities for verification of proper payment, tax refunds and compliance with regulations related to import and export. In the event of a customs inspection, an on-site visit, an irregular customs investigation or audit by the authorities without prior notice, Employees are obliged to notify and seek guidance from the Compli -  ance Department. Employees should not answer to the authorities' subpoenas or respond to further investigation by the customs authorities without receiving guidance.  Principle Hyundai Mobis complies with all relevant laws and regulations regarding tariffs. We keep all Company information related to customs tariffs complete, accurate and up-to-date.  5.3  Customs  Tariffs  5.1 Fair Trade  5.2 Accounting and Taxation  5.3 Customs Tariffs

6.1  Customers and Shareholders  Customer Satisfaction  Safeguarding Shareholders’ Interests  Corporate Governance  6.2  Social Contribution  Creation of Shared Value  Public Services Activities  6.3  Environment  Complying with Environmental law  International Material Data System (IMDS)  Volatile Organic Compounds  Managing Environmental Impact of Materials  ISO 14001 (Environmental Management System) Standards  Development of Environmentally Friendly Products and Technologies  Government Audit, Censorship and Inspection  6.4  Business Partners  Hyundai Mobis' Business Partners Code of Conduct  Pursuing a Win-win Partnership  RESPONSIBILITY TO COMMUNITY 6.

27  6. Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  4.  Protection of Information and Intellectual Properties  3.  Safety First  2.  Respect for People  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption CEO Message  Introduction  Customers & Shareholders  Customer Satisfaction  H y u n d a i M o b i s u n d e r s t a n d s o u r c u s to m e r ' s demand for smarter, safer and more environmen  -  tally friendly automobile products and ser vices. The best produc ts and ser vices our customers demand are made readily available by us at reason -  able prices and in a timely manner. We care about our customers' suggestions and attempt to handle them as quickly and fairly as possible. We listen to the voices of our customer's and work hard to meet their expectations.  Safeguarding Shareholders’ Interests  Hyundai Mobis strives to increase our corporate value and protect and respect shareholders' inter -  ests and their legitimate demands and rights. We intend to enhance our shareholders' value by main -  taining a sound, responsible and honest financial structure and maximizing management efficiency. Hyundai Mobis is also committed to safeguarding the rights of minority shareholders by appointing an Employee to do so. Material management informa  -  tion, including business plans and financial changes, will be disclosed fully and transparently to all share -  holders and stakeholders simultaneously in accor -  dance with due process and related regulations.  Corporate Governance  H y undai Mobis aims to have transparent and accountable corporate governance. The board of directors consist of experienced, qualified and diverse individuals. Our audit committee and exter -  nal auditors ensure independent supervision. Our internal control system and reporting requirements also reassure that the Company's assets and mate  -  rial business decisions are accurately reported to the management and the board of directors in a timely manner. All Employees should comply with the internal control systems and fully cooperate with audits and investigations.  Principle Hyundai Mobis strives to satisfy our customers with the best products and services. We also aim to enhance the value of our company through transparency and good corporate governance.  6.1  Customers and Shareholders  6.1 Customers and Shareholders  6.2 Social Contribution  6.4 Business Partners 6.3 Environment

28  6. Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  4.  Protection of Information and Intellectual Properties  3.  Safety First  2.  Respect for People  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption CEO Message  Introduction  Social Contribution  Creation of Shared Value  Hyundai Mobis carries out its business activities in conjunction with the Creating Shared Value (CSV) strategy. Social responsibility is an important value for the Company, and covers all areas related to the Company's product and technology development and provisions of service. Hyundai Mobis operates a variety of customized programs to bring about long-term positive changes to the local community and all Employees are encouraged to fulfill their respective responsibilities and duties.  Public Services Activities  Hyundai Mobis par ticipates in various charita  -  ble donation and public ser vice activities to ful  -  fill its social responsibility. By capitalizing on our strengths as a leading automobile parts supplier, we support projects, campaigns, and sponsor vari -  ous cultural art projects and educational activities. We also endeavor to preser ve the environment through customized, local training programs and conducting ecological restoration activities. Our Employees are encouraged to participate in social services activities such as volunteering and aiding in disaster relief.  Principle As a responsible corporate citizen, Hyundai Mobis fulfils all its responsibilities and duties for sustainable development and seeks to positively contribute to our local community by engaging in public interest activities such as cultural and welfare projects.  6.2  Social Contribution  6.1 Customers and Shareholders  6.2 Social Contribution  6.4 Business Partners 6.3 Environment

29  6. Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  4.  Protection of Information and Intellectual Properties  3.  Safety First  2.  Respect for People  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption CEO Message  Introduction  Environment  Complying with Environmental law  Hyundai Mobis makes ever y ef for t to meet the requirements of environmental laws. We take pro  -  ac tive measures to preser ve the environment through economically sus tainable produc tion activities. Our efforts to comply with these regula  -  tions include the efficient use of resources, reduc -  ing waste and pollutants and minimizing pollution emissions. We have Employees who are in charge  of managing and discharging materials impacting the environment by using an integrated environ  -  mental system. The Employees shall review the amendments to the Environment Management System Certifica  -  tion Standard (ISO 14001), International Material Data System (IMDS), and other relevant regulations.  If needed, appropriate ac tions should be taken within a reasonable period of time.  International Material Data System (IMDS)  The IMDS is a global data repository managed by the automobile industry advisory group containing information on materials used by the automobile industry. While the IMDS is not mandatorily applica -  ble, it serves as an important tool to help automo  -  bile manufacturers and supplies comply with envi  -  ronmental regulations. IMDS covers international regulations including special regional regulations such as EU regulations (RoHS, WEEE and REACH), US regulations and California Proposition 65. Employees responsible should monitor and period -  ically update the IMDS data along with applicable regulatory revisions to ensure continuous compli  -  ance with relevant environmental regulations. The Employees should also verify that the appropriate measures are taken to respond to the regulations.  Volatile Organic Compounds  Vo l a t i l e O r g a n i c Co m p o u n d s ( VO C s) a re s o l  -  vent-based paints, organic solvents and petroleum products that can easily evaporate into the atmo  -  sphere, causing air pollution and smog. VOCs may be produced by various types of solvents used in the course of manufacturing automobile par ts. The Company's internal monitoring requirements help minimize the emissions of VOCs into the atmo -  sphere, wastewater and other wastes. Employees must check the use, including diffusion and emis  -  sion, of these VOCs to ensure that no polluting VOCs are used in Hyundai Mobis products.  Principle Hyundai Mobis complies with all international agreements and regulations related to environmental protection. We work hard to minimize any negative environmental impact by integrating environmentally friendly and sustainable business practices in our decision-making process.  6.3  Environment  6.1 Customers and Shareholders  6.2 Social Contribution  6.4 Business Partners 6.3 Environment

30  6. Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  4.  Protection of Information and Intellectual Properties  3.  Safety First  2.  Respect for People  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption CEO Message  Introduction  Government Audit, Censorship and Inspection  Employees of Hyundai Mobis must actively comply with government audits in regards to the environ  -  mental regulations for automobile manufacturers. If a related government agency initiates an audit related to the Company's compliance with environ  -  mental regulations or notifies us of violations or suspected violations, it needs to be reported to the relevant supervisors and compliance officer imme -  diately. Employees shall not handle any audit or pre -  sumed violations by themselves without reporting to their supervisors or other compliance officers.  ISO 14001 (Environmental Management System) Standards  Hyundai Mobis complies with and maintains the ISO 14001 standard and procures automobile parts and materials necessary for our operations from suppli -  ers who also comply with this standard. When establishing a new business operation, the facility will be operated and maintained in accor  -  dance with the ISO 14001 standard and other rel  -  evant regulations by conducting an environmental impact assessment for the facility. If an ISO certifi  -  cation body provides recommendations or correc -  tive measures for the Company, the recommenda  -  tions and corrective actions shall be implemented in due course.  Development of Environmentally Friendly Products and Technologies  Hyundai Mobis strives to develop environmentally friendly products and materials to minimize our environmental impact throughout the entire pro  -  cess of design, manufacturing, distribution, use and disposal of our products. Our environmental policy not only aims to reduce emissions of auto  -  mobiles by improving fuel efficiency, but we also work hard to integrate and expand environmen  -  tally sound technologies into the products that we build. We continuously assess the impact our plants and products have on the environment and strive to develop environmentally friendly technologies. This includes the development and use of reusable, recyclable and renewable materials to minimize pol -  lutant emissions.  Managing Environmental Impact of Materials  The Company utilizes environmental pollution pre  -  vention facilities to minimize the emission of envi  -  ronmental impact of materials such as greenhouse gases, VOCs, heavy metals, wastewater and waste by conducting an environmental impact assess  -  ment at each business site. We also seek to con  -  serve energy through an energy management sys -  tem. Our energy management system includes an on-going effort to upgrade our environmental facilities to help improve air emissions, wastewater treatment systems and reduce the use of hazard  -  ous substances. Hazardous materials such as chemicals shall only be disposed of af ter approval is given. Approval should only be given if it is consistent with the Com -  pany regulations and procedures. The environ  -  mental management Employees must immediately implement any measures necessary to prevent the spread of hazardous materials in the event of disas -  ters and accidents. They should also analyze the root cause of the incident and take preventative measures for the future. When automobile parts are supplied by third par  -  ties, an Employee shall ensure that said third par  -  ties provide the correct chemical composition and Material Safety Data Sheets (MSDS) for chemicals or any mixtures thereby. In addition, Hyundai Mobis will provide necessary resources to support engi  -  neering consultants regarding environmental reg -  ulations. This is to ensure that the environmental assessment analysis is per formed accurately to confirm the analysis results of new materials and production operations.  6.1 Customers and Shareholders  6.2 Social Contribution  6.4 Business Partners 6.3 Environment

31  6. Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  4.  Protection of Information and Intellectual Properties  3.  Safety First  2.  Respect for People  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption CEO Message  Introduction  Business Partners  Hyundai Mobis' Business Partners Code of Conduct  The Company is committed to ensuring that all busi -  ness partners within our supply chain comply with Hyundai Mobis' Business Par tners Code of Con  -  duct ("Business Partners Code of Conduct"), which promotes ethical management, integrit y, social and environmental responsibilities at all stages of our supply chain. All our business partners are expected to follow and confirm their compliance with the Business Par tners Code of Conduct. In fact, as per our Business Partners Code of Conduct, all our business partners are expected to provide safe working conditions, treat their Employees with dignity and respect, conduct their business fairly and ethically, and be environmentally responsible when manufacturing goods or providing services.  Hyundai Mobis further encourages our business partners to require their direct suppliers to adopt sustainable purchasing policies. Compliance to Hyundai Mobis' Business Partners Code of Conduct is highly encouraged across our supply chain. We regularly monitor and evaluate our business par tners’ compliance to the Busi  -  ness Partners Code of Conduct. If the standards set by Hyundai Mobis are stricter than of the stan  -  dards set in the respective countries our business partners operate in, the business partners should ensure that the Business Partners Code of Conduct is abided by in the business relationship.  Pursuing a Win-win Partnership  Hyundai Mobis and our business par tners show respect and trust towards each other to work on achieving a sustainable and responsible supply chain. We encourage each other to strengthen our mutual competitiveness and grow through shared technical and management support. Any informa  -  tion necessary to enter into transactions with our partners will be exchanged through appropriate procedures in a timely manner, whilst the results of the transactions with our par tnership will be assessed fairly and critically for better dealings in the future.  Principle Hyundai Mobis sets high expectations of excellence and ethical behavior on all the business partners of our supply chain. Our business partners are expected to conform to high industrial standards and behave correspondingly to the values and principles set in our Code of Conduct. We aspire to raise the standards for our business partners across the spectrum.  6.4  Business Partners  6.1 Customers and Shareholders  6.2 Social Contribution  6.4 Business Partners 6.3 Environment

32  CEO Message  Introduction  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption  2.  Respect for People  3.  Safety First  4.  Protection of Information  and Intellectual Properties  6.  Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  If you have any questions regarding the Code of Conduct, contact the Compliance Department by using the contact information below. Compliance.officer@mobis.com  Document Number Date of Enactment Date of Revision Revision Number Compliance Team-2024-70 October 10th, 2019 January 24th, 2024 1  Written by  Compliance Team  BOD / Corporate Sustainability Management Committee  Approved by  ※ Electronic Approval

33  6. Responsibility to Community  5.  Transparent and Fair Business Activities  4.  Protection of Information and Intellectual Properties  3.  Safety First  2.  Respect for People  1.  Work Ethics and  Anti-corruption CEO Message  Introduction




</Automotive_Korea_Hyundai Mobis_2024.pdf>