This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Construction_Korea_DL E&C_2023.pdf>

CODE OF BUSINESS ETHICS OF DL E&C  DL E&C shall grow and evolve to become a global company and fulfills our duties as a forerunner with the management principles of ‘Creation of Future,’ ‘Human Respect’ and ‘Customer Trust’ based on the corporate philosophy of ‘Creation of Comfortable and Prosperous Life’ and ‘Infinite Growth and Development.’ [purpose of establishmen] For this, we enact the Code of Business Ethics for the directors and employees of DL E&C as objective standards to assess proper and decent behavior and to be observed dutifully in all business activities. [A range of application] DL E&C Code of Ethics applies to all of executives and employees(including non- regular  workers)including  domestic  and  overseas  corporations  and  branches, subsidiaries and sub-subsidiaries, and executives and employees of joint ventures.  Chapter I Basic Ethics for Employees  All employees of DL E&C shall perform all duties based on integrity and trust without  violating  ‘the  Hansup  Spirit’  and  complete  their  duties  through  just practices. 1. Establishment of an Honorable Corporate Culture A)  We  share  the  management  philosophy  of  the  Company,  understand  the common goals and values set by the Company and fulfill our duties according to the corporate policies. B) We shall  develop  organizational  culture based  on  clear  communication and mutual trust among colleagues. C) We shall perform our duties diligently in a fair manner and observe the internal regulations of the Company and applicable laws.

2. Duty of Good Faith A)  We  shall  perform  our  duties  with  due  care  to  avoid  causing  damages, intentionally or recklessly, to the Company. 3. Conflicts of Interest A) We shall NOT engage in any activities which are against the interest of the Company. If there is a conflict of interest with the Company or among teams, we shall serve the interest of the Company as our top priority. 4. Fair Practices A) We shall fulfill our obligations in an honest and fair manner and make our best efforts at all times to build an honorable corporate culture. B) We shall NOT engage in any immoral or unethical acts which could tarnish the Company’s name. C) We shall NOT obtain any wrongful profits by abusing our position. D) The scope of prohibited actions and the standards of conduct related to the employee’s performance of their duties shall be as follows: 5. Prohibition on Acceptance of Bribery A) Terminology  ①  Employees: All individuals who engage in the business activities of the Company including directors, staffs, professionals and dispatched workers  ②  Money and gifts: Economic profits including money (cash, gift certificate, etc.) and goods  ③  Entertainment: Meal, alcohol, golf, art and cultural performances, entertainment, etc.  ④  Accommodation: Means of transportation, lodging, tourism, event sponsorship, etc.  ⑤  Interested Parties: Employees, customers, partners and government employees whose rights and/or interests may, directly or indirectly, influence and/or be influenced by our business activities

B) Prohibition on Acceptance of Money, Gifts, Entertainment and/or Accommodation  ①  Employees shall NOT request or receive any money, gifts, entertainment and/or accommodation from any interested parties. If money or gift is unwittingly received, however, it must be returned immediately. If it CANNOT be returned, ‘Unwanted Money/Gift Receipt Report’ must be written and submitted to the Bureau of Ethics Management along with the money and/or gifts received.  ②  Employees shall NOT provide money or gifts and entertainment or accommodation exceeding the scope of social norm to any interested parties including suppliers.  ③  Excessive acceptance of money or gifts, entertainment or accommodation is prohibited among employees. In addition, employees shall not engage in unnecessary formalities such as sending congratulatory gifts. 6. Prohibition on Solicitation for Employment A) Employees shall NOT make requests relating to employment or promotion on their behalf or on behalf of acquaintances. 7.  Prohibition on Monetary Transactions with Interested Parties A) Employees shall NOT engage in debt transactions (ex: Loans, guarantees, etc.) with interested parties. 8.  Protection of Assets and Important Information of the Company A) Employees shall protect the tangible and intangible assets of the Company (ex: Manpower, equipment, supplies, copyright, trade secret, etc.) and NOT use them for personal purposes. 9. Information Security A) Employees shall NOT disclose material information which could have a significant impact on the profits of the Company.

10. Prohibition on Internal Trade A) Employees shall NOT pursue personal profits by taking advantage of their position and engage in unfair transactions with confidential information acquired during the performance of their duties. 11. Prohibition on Sexual Harassment A) Employees shall NOT engage in any inappropriate and/or offensive physical or verbal sexual advances which could destroy relationships among colleagues.  Chapter II Attitude towards Customers  We shall respect our customers and value customer confidence as a creator of ‘Comfortable  and  Prosperous  Life.’  We  achieve  customer  satisfaction  and  gain their trust by providing services that creates customer values. 1. Customer Respect A) We shall always be fully aware of our customers. B) We shall serve our customers closely and be attentive to their voices. C)  We  shall  always  think  of  our  customers  and  make  a  decision  from  their perspective. 2. Customer Confidence A) We shall fulfill promises made with our customers or vendors. B) We shall maintain reliability of our products and services. C) We shall NOT engage in any activities which exceed the scope of social norm and societal expectations. 3. Customer Value A) We shall recognize and analyze our customers’ diverse needs and demands. B) We shall provide services which create customer values.

C) We shall provide general services which can strengthen internal competence.  Chapter III Fair Transaction and Competition  We  observe  all  applicable  laws  and  regulations  for  our  business  activities, compete  with  others  in  a  fair  manner,  build  mutual  trust  and  cooperative relationship  through  fair  business  practices  and  pursue  common  profits  and shared growth with our partners. 1. Respect for Laws and Commercial Practices A) We shall observe all applicable laws in each country and respect commercial practices in conducting our business activities. B) We shall adhere to OECD Anti-Bribery Convention in conducting international business transactions. c) We do not engage in any transactions or actions related to money laundering of customers, subcontractors, stakeholders, other institutions, corporations and individuals. And we comply with relevant domestic and international laws and agreements. 2. Fair Competition A)  We  shall  satisfy  our customers  with  the highest  quality  and  services,  gain customer confidence and stay competitive through a fair and free competition. B) We shall NOT violate the profits of competitors in an unfair manner, nor take advantage of their weakness in a dishonest manner. c) Prohibition of anti-competitive (monopoly, collusion) acts (1) We shall not engage in acts that may impede fair competition through unfair  trade,  such  as  abusing  our  market  dominance  or  abusing  our trading position. (2)  We do not  agree to engage in  acts  that  unreasonably  disturb  fair competition  with  other  business  operators  regarding  product  price, participation in bidding, transaction conditions, etc.

3. Fair Transaction A)  All  transactions  shall  be  conducted  according  to  fair  trade  conditions  and procedures on equal terms. B) Any unfair acts such as bribery or violation of bona-fide transaction shall be prohibited. 4. Shared Profits and Development A)  We  shall  establish  collaborative  relationship  to  build  open  and  transparent business environment. B)  We  shall  promote  technology  improvement  and  development  and  pursue shared profits and development by lifting community spirit.  Chapter IV Obligations towards Employees  We shall respect our employees and treat them fairly based on their capabilities and achievements. In addition, we shall take necessary actions for employees’ health and safety and provide opportunities to nurture their creativity. 1. Human Respect A) We shall treat each employee with respect. B) We shall make employees feel proud and satisfied. 2. Nurturing the Talent A)  We  shall  offer  an  opportunity  for  self-development  and  growth  to  develop autonomous and creative talents with sound moral consciousness.

3. Fair Treatment A)  We  shall  establish  and  disclose  standards  for  capability  and  achievements assessments and give fair evaluation and compensation. 4. Prohibition on discrimination A) We shall treat the employees equally without any discrimination. 5. Responsibilities on Health and Safety A) We shall take necessary measures for our employees’ health and safety at work.  Chapter V Corporate Social Responsibility  We protect shareholders’ profits, create a comfortable and prosperous life for our customers  and  contribute  to  community  development  by  evolving  into  a dependable company through rational business activities. 1. Contribution to National and Community Development A) We shall keep developing values for the Nation and the community. B) We shall NOT engage in business activities which may be an obstacle for the national and community development and respect social values in all our business activities. C) We shall offer a convenient and comfortable life by improving the quality of products and services through continuous technology development. 2. Protection of Shareholders A) We shall protect our shareholders’ interests through realization of profits and prudent investments.

B)  We  shall  make  continued  efforts  to  enhance  corporate  values  through disclosure of corporate information, publicity and Investor Relations (IR). 3. Environmental Protection A) We shall strictly observe the environmental regulations and international conventions on environmental protection. B) We shall make continued efforts to minimize negative environmental effects from our business activities, products and services.  In addition, we shall reduce consumption of resources and practice recycling and prevention of environmental pollution. C) We shall provide appropriate education and training programs to encourage all employees to participate in activities for the environmental management and to become aware of the importance of the environment. D) We shall assert best efforts for development of technologies to prevent environmental pollution. 4. Political Neutrality A) Employees shall NOT engage in political activities during working hours or use the organization, manpower and assets of the Company for political purposes. B) Each employee’s political rights and opinions shall be respected. However, individual opinions should NOT be interpreted as the stance of the Company.

<Supplementary Provisions>  1. Preparation of the Code of Business Ethics Commitment Oath A) All employees shall be fully aware of the Code of Business Ethics and take an oath  to assert  their best  efforts  to observe the Code to maintain  dignity  and integrity as members of DL E&C. 2. Reporting of violations and accepting bribes A) Any violation of the Code of Business Ethics must be reported to the Bureau of Ethics Management at the earliest and the most convenient instance. B) Any money and/or gifts accidentally received from an interested party that cannot be returned, ‘Unwanted Money/Gift Receipt Report’ must be written and submitted to the Bureau of Ethics Management along with the money and gifts received. C) Contact  ①  TEL: 02-2011-8295  ②  FAX: 02-2011-8019  ③  E-mail:  ethic@dlenc.co.kr  D) whistleblower protection All  of  disadvantage  and  discrimination  against  whistleblowers  who  report violations of the ethics are prohibited, and the the confidentiality of identity of whistleblower and contents of the report are guaranteed. If retaliation against the reporter  is  found,  disciplinary  action  will  be  taken  against  the  employee  who committed the retaliatory act. 3. Rewards and Disciplinary Actions A) Employees who have observed the ethics management and made a contribution to ethics management activities shall be rewarded. B) Employees who have violated the Code of Business Ethics and the commitment guidelines shall be disciplined in accordance with the internal regulations. 4. Interpretation A) If issues relating to the ethics management of the Company arise, which has not be contemplated in the Code of Business Ethics or, if dispute arises in its interpretation, it shall be interpreted according to the applicable laws and by the

Management Consulting Team. 5. Priority over other internal regulations A) The Code of Business Ethics shall have priority over other internal regulations.


</Construction_Korea_DL E&C_2023.pdf>