This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Construction_Indonesia_Acset Indonusa_2015.pdf>

Code of Conduct  PT Acset Indonusa Tbk  December 2015

Code of Conduct  1  CODE OF CONDUCT  I.  Preface  As  a  corporate  citizen,  PT  Acset  Indonusa  Tbk  (“ ACSET ”  or  “ Company ”)  has  the determination and efforts to reach its aim “to Contribute, Add Value and be Significant to your (Our Clients and Our People) Success. ACSET’s efforts to be significant to your (our clients and our people) success can only be achieved if the Company can exist and grow in a healthy and sustainable manner. A continious growth of ACSET’s businesses would contribute to the national development and the welfare of the Indonesian people. ACSET realizes that the sustainability of a company is strongly influenced by the behavior of the company as a corporate citizen. Therefore, since the very beginning ACSET has affirmed its intention to be a Good Corporate Citizen that behaves and acts in harmony with the laws, regulations and ethics, implements an effective management system, and also provides benefits to the wider community. The Company elects to manage its businesses with due observance to moral and social norms as well as the public interest. In order to develop ACSET as a Good Corporate Citizen, it is necessary to establish a guideline for all ACSET persons to behave and act in an appropriate manner, namely ACSET Good Corporate Governance, comprising among others ACSET Code of Conduct (“ ACSET Code of Conduct ”). ACSET Code of Conduct has been prepared based on Astra corporate philosophy as a holding company, Catur Dharma, particularly the first and foremost value of Catur Dharma, which is To Be an Asset to the Nation, and with due observance to the principles of good corporate governance.

Code of Conduct  2  Catur Dharma  The Company applies Catur Dharma philosophy from its holding, PT Astra International Tbk (Astra) to develop value system which has function as reference of all values, principles, ethics and policies in forming Company’s culture. Elements of Catur Dharma are: “To be an asset to the nation”, “To provide the best service to our customers”, “To respect individuals and promote teamwork”, and “To continually strive for excellence”.  II.  Guideline on Business Ethics and Work Ethics  1.  Introduction Business Ethics is a system of values upheld by the Company as a guidance to interact with its surrounding, internally and externally. Whereas, Work Ethics is a system of values upheld by the employees of the Company that govern their conduct, behavior and relationship with parties within the Company. 2.  Scope of Ethics The scope of Business Ethics and Work Ethics can be described as the following diagram:

Code of Conduct  3 3.  Business Ethics 3.1  Customers Definition: Parties who are the purchasers or users of the products or services produced and/or marketed by the Company. In interacting with the customers: a.  The Company respects the rights of the customers in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. b.  The Company is committed to price, quality, delivery time, after-sales service and product warranties in accordance with applicable standards. c.  The Company is prohibited from giving or accepting gifts from the customers. d.  The Company maintains the confidential information of the customers e.  The Company adheres to the advertising ethics and applicable laws and regulations. 3.2  Business Partners Definition: Parties that have business relationship with the Company, such as principals, distributors, dealers and suppliers. Principles in cooperating with business partners: a.  Common interests, equality and mutual trust based on fairness and social responsibility regardless of ethnic background, religion beliefs, race and social groups. b.  Complies with applicable laws and regulations. c.  Commissioners, Directors and Employees of the Company must avoid conflict of interest. d.  All agreements must be made in writing in good faith and based on mutual benefit. e.  Selection of the business partners is based on professionalism and in line with QCDSM (Quality, Cost, Delivery, Safety, Morale) values. f.  Strive to empower small and medium scale business partners. g.  The Company (including Commissioners, Directors and Employees of the Company) is not allowed to give or accept gifts from business partners. 3.3  Competitors Definition: Other parties that manufacture or market similar products and/or services or substitutes to the products and/or services manufactured or marketed by the Company. Principles in dealing with the competitors: a.  The Company supports fair and healthy competition in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

Code of Conduct  4 b.  The Company is not allowed to develop cooperation with competitors, which could  be  detrimental  to  the  customers  and/or  leads  to  monopolistic practices. c.  The Company is not allowed to discredit competitors in its marketing, promotion and advertising activities. d.  Commissioners, Directors and Employees of the Company are not allowed taking part in the management and/or to own shares of a competitor, either directly or indirectly. 3.4  Employees Definition: Individuals who work at the Company and receive salary based on an employment relationship. In conducting an employment relationship with the Employee: a.  The Company honors  the universal principle of human rights as well as the rights  and  obligations  of  Employees  based  on  applicable  laws  and regulations. b.  The Company provides equal opportunities regardless of seniority, gender, ethnicity, religion, race and social groups, with due observance to their competence and performance. c.  The Company treats the Employee as a valuable asset, therefore she/he needs to be respected and her/his competence and character must be enhanced. d.  The  Company  builds  an  atmosphere  of  openness  and  two-way communication with the Employee. e.  The Company rewards its outstanding Employees. 3.5  Shareholders Definition: Individuals or institutions  that are registered in the Shareholder Register of the Company. In any form of interaction with the Shareholders: a.  The Company treats its shareholders in a fair manner, including in providing accurate  and  timelyinformation,  in  accordance  with  the  Articles  of Association of the Company and applicable laws and regulations b.  The Company endeavours to deliver optimal performance and maintain a good corporate image to increase shareholders value. c.  The Company upholds applicable laws and regulations on inside information with  regard  to  request  for  access  to  sensitive  and/or  confidential information.

Code of Conduct  5 3.6  Potential Investors Definition: Individuals or institutions that have the potential or intend to participate directly or indirectly in the Company’s shares ownership, including investment supporting institutions. In interacting with potential investors: a.  Company provides accurate and timely  information in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. b.  The Company discloses required information in a fair manner. 3.7  Affiliated Companies Definition: Companies that have an ownership relation with Company, either directly or indirectly. Together  with  and  among  Affiliated  Companies,  the  Company  develops  a cooperation to achieve synergy in its various business and social activities both at the head office or at  branch office level in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including competition laws. 3.8  State Institutions Definition: State institutions, which include the legislative, executive, judiciary and other institutions, both at the national or regional levels, and their officers. In interacting with State Institutions: a.  The  Company  establishes  harmonious,  constructive  and  respectful relationships with due observance to applicable laws and regulations. b.  The  Company  supports  national  and  regional  programs,  particularly  in education, socio-economic, health, and environment. 3.9 Community Definition: A group of people who live together in a certain location and having direct or indirect relationship with the Company’s activities. In interacting with the Community: a.  The Company participates in maintaining a clean and healthy environment in the surrounding area of the Company. b.  The Company, wherever it is located, builds and forsters congenial and harmonious  relations  and  endeavours  to  provide  benefits  through empowerment programs, particularly to communities in the surrounding area of the Company. c.  The Company respects the social, culture, tradition, modesty, beliefs and religions.

Code of Conduct  6 3.10 Mass Media Definition: Institutions  which  include  printed,  electronic  and  online  media  providing information, education, promotion, social control and entertainment. In interacting with the Mass Media: a.  The Company adheres to the truth and disclosure of information in an accountable manner in accordance with the journalistics code of ethics and applicable laws and regulations. b.  The Company positions the mass media as equal partner, therefore it is necessary to build a positive and mutual respective cooperation. 4.  Work Ethics The Work Ethics guideline applies to the Board of Commissioners, Board of Directors and employees of the Company. Work Ethics includes: a.  Employees’ conduct in the Company:  -  To  be  a  good  member  of the  Company  by  complying  with  internal policies/rules of the Company, the Company Regulations and applicable laws and regulations.  -  To apply  and develop their maximum potentials for the benefit of the Company.  -  To participate in creating  a conducive working environment and jointly develop a good work culture. b.  Participates in creating conducive working environment and jointly develop good working culture. Employees’ conduct in the use of authority and position in the Company:  -  To responsibly use their  authority and position for the interests of the Company, and not to serve for their own or others interests.  -  To maintain and utilize all data, information, assets and facilities of the Company for the benefit of the Company, and not to serve for their own or others interests.  -  To keep the Company's good reputation by minding their conduct and behavior, both outside and inside the Company. c.  Employees’ conduct towards the Company’s confidential information. The  Company’s  confidential  information  are  strategic  documents  and/or information that are formulated or acquired by the Company which may not be disclosed and conveyed to external parties, with the following considerations:  -  To maintain the Company’s competitive advantage; and/or  -  To honor agreements or laws or regulations, which requires the Company to maintain the confidentiality of such information

Code of Conduct  7 Information included in the Company’s confidential information category are:  -  Financial  statements  and/or  material  transactions  that  have  not  been disclosed to the public;  -  Strategic corporate plan;  -  Information bound by confidentiality agreement;  -  Products of the Company that are still in the development stage;  -  Uniqueness of technology;  -  Material information which is not yet available to the public; and  -  Other information that is considered confidential. Material Information is important and relevant information that may affect the securities price of the Company or decision of the investor to purchase or sell securities of the Company. All  employees  are  responsible  for  maintaining  the  confidentiality  of  the confidential information of the Company and prohibited from abusing such information. The confidential information of the Company obtained by employees shall remain confidential after the expiration of their employment at the Company. d.  Employees’ relations as superior/subordinate in the Company:  -  Superior acts as role model, leader and mentor for their subordinates.  -  Subordinates proactively develop and express their potentials under the direction and guidance of their superior.  -  To mutually accept, respect and foster a good cooperation in an atmosphere of openness, based on sincerity and good faith. e.  Relationship among Employees:  -  To mutually respect, encourage and foster a good cooperation in carrying out their respective duties and responsibilities.  -  To reinforce integrity and foster transparency and abundance mentality in a harmonious relationship as members of the Company.  III.  Corporate Secretary  The Corporate Secretary is a function that assists the Board of Directors in ensuring compliance of the Company with applicable laws and regulations and administering the decisions of the Company as well as communicating with the capital market authorities and the public.

Code of Conduct  8 The Corporate Secretary is responsible to the Board of Directors and has among others the following functions: a.  Provide advice to the Board of Directors and Board of Commissioners relating to capital market laws and regulations. b.  To ensure that the meetings of the Board of Directors and Board of Commissioners are conducted properly and on schedule, and the meeting’s decisions are properly documented and archived. c.  To ensure that the General Meeting of Shareholders is conducted properly and in a good order. d.  To  support  the  socialization  and  implementation  of  the  Corporate  Philosophy, Corporate Values, Systems, and Corporate Culture. e.  To conduct synergies with related divisions to socialize implement, monitor and review the implementation of ACSET Code of Conduct. f.  To provide input to the Strategic Corporate Planning of the Company. g.  As a liaison or contact person between the Company and Indonesia Financial Services Authority (Otoritas Jasa Keuangan), the stock exchange, where the securities of the Company are listed, and the public. h.  To ensure that the administration, registration, and reporting to the Financial Services Authority (Otoritas Jasa Keuangan) and the stock exchange where the securities of the Company are listed, are implemented properly and in a timely manner. i.  To prepare and/or communicate accurate and adequate material information to the capital market community, including information on the performance  and corporate action of the Company. j.  To establish a good relationship with stakeholders to foster trust in the ability of the management to run the Company and create long-term value for the stakeholders. k.  To conduct orientation program for new member(s) of the Board of Directors and/or the Board of Commissioners, and l.  To keep pace with developments in the capital markets, particularly applicable laws and regulations and international practices on good corporate governance.  IV.  Audit and Risk Management  As a part of the implementation of ACSET Good Corporate Governance, ACSET conforms its management control tools in line with the regulations applicable to audit and risk management comprising: -  Audit Committee; -  Internal Audit; -  Risk Management; and -  External Auditor.

Code of Conduct  9 1.  Audit Committee The Audit Committee is a committee established by and responsible to the Board of Commissioners. The primary function of the Audit Committee is to assist the Board of Commissioners  in  carrying  out  its  oversight  function  on  reporting  of  financial statements,  audit,  risk  management  and  compliance  with  applicable  laws  and regulations. 2.  Internal Audit Internal audit is an activity associated with providing independent and objective assurance and consultations, with the aim to increase the values and improve operations of the Company through systematic approach, by way of evaluating and increasing internal control effectiveness. 3.  Risk Management Risk management is a structured process for aligning strategy, process, people, technology and knowledge within an enterprise organization, with the aim to evaluate and mitigate the adverse effects of a potential condition. Risk Management unit assists the Board of Directors in identifying the risk exposures of  the  Company, the  current  control  measures,  and  to  explore  other  possible alternative solutions to further reduce the risk. 4.  External Auditor As one of accountability of the Board of Directors in operating and managing the Company,  the  Board  of  Directors  periodically  submits  financial  statements  in accordance with the accounting principles and practices that are generally accepted in Indonesia. The Board of Directors is responsible  in implementing good general accounting policies  to establish and maintain the internal control in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting of transactions that are within the authority and control of the Board of Directors. In order to provide a reasonable assurance that the financial statements of the Company has been presented fairly in all material respects, the Company appoints external auditors to audit the financial statements of the Company.

Code of Conduct  10  V.  Securities Dealing Rules  1.  Preface In principle, ACSET encourages its Employees to invest in and hold securities (including shares or bonds) which are issued by companies within Astra Group and listed on the Indonesian Stock Exchange (“ Acset Group Issuer ”), as a long term and non speculative investment. However, these investments must be carried out in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. In Indonesia, the trading of listed securities is subject to Law No. 8 Year 1995 on Capital Market (“ Capital Market Law ”) and Capital Market regulations, which prohibit Commissioners, Directors, Employees of the issuer and certain other parties to purchase or sell securities of the issuer, unless the requirements provided in the capital market laws and regulations are satisfied. To protect the Employee and ACSET from any potential violation of such laws and regulations as well as from any possible claim or charge, this Securities Dealing Rules is imposed to the Commissioners, Directors and Employees of the Company. The Securities Dealing Rules is made based on capital market laws and regulations, but are wider in scope and sought to provide further guidance. 2.  Definition “Dealing” includes:  -  any acquisition or disposal of securities of an Acset Group Issuer (or an agreement to acquire or dispose of the same), at present or in the future, conditional or unconditional;  -  entering into a contract, the purpose of which is to secure a profit or to avoid loss due to price fluctuations of any securities of Acset Group Issuer;  -  any transaction which is effecting a change of ownership of shares of the Acset Group Issuer. “Inside Information” is information that are:  -  not available to the public;  -  relates, directly or indirectly with the Company and/or the relevant Acset Group Issuer; and  -  may affect the price of securities of Acset Group Issuer. “Black Out Period” is:  -  within sixty (60) days prior to the announcement of the annual financial statements by the relevant Acset Group Issuer;  -  within thirty (30) days prior to the announcement of the quarterly financial statements by the relevant Acset Group Issuer.

Code of Conduct  11 “Short-term” means twelve (12) months period or less. “Related Party” include:  -  the husband/wife of a Director, a Commissioner, and an Employee;  -  the children of a Director, a Commissioner, and an Employee;  -  any individual or legal entity controlled by a Director, a Commissioner and an Employee, either directly and indirectly. “Prohibited Party” means the Directors, Commissioners and Employees. 3.  Rule 3.1. Prohibited Party and Related Party are not allowed to conduct Dealing:  -  during the Black Out Period; and/or  -  when they possess inside information; Prohibited Party and Related Party are encouraged to engage in long term Dealing and refrain from conducting short term Dealing. The Prohibited Party should carefully consider whether they have, or do not have, inside information (or can be considered to have such information). In case of any doubt, the Prohibited Party is advised to consult with the Corporate Secretary or the legal division of the Company prior to conducting the transaction. 3.2. The Prohibited Party and Related Party are not allowed to invest in or divest the securities of another issuer or public company in Indonesia nor overseas if they are aware of a transaction plan of the said issuer or public company with ACSET that may affect the price of their securities. 3.3. The Prohibited Party and Related Party who have inside information are not allowed: a.  to influence other party to purchase or sell securities of ACSET Group Issuer, or b.  to provide inside information to any party who they should have reasonably suspected may use such information to purchase or sell securities of ACSEt Group Issuer.

Code of Conduct  12  VI.  Guideline on Conflicts of Interest  1.  General Guideline Any transaction carried out between:  •  ACSET and its Affiliates (as defined under Capital Market Law); or  •  Companies controlled by ACSET (” Controlled Company ”) and Affiliates of ACSET, shall be conducted in accordance with capital market laws and regulations to ensure thatthe transaction is carried out in the interest of ACSET. In general, a transaction between (i) ACSET or a Controlled Company, and (ii) Affiliates of ACSET, may be subject to various requirements and as such should be reviewed closely. 2.  Matters that should be observed 2.1. Each proposed transaction between (i) ACSET or a Controlled Company and (ii) Affiliates of ACSET (including its renewal and/or amendments) shall firstly be reviewed by the Legal Department of ACSET and/or the Legal Department of the Controlled Company to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations. The Legal Department of the Controlled Company shall subsequently report such proposed transaction to the Legal Department of ACSET. 2.2  For the following particular transaction: a. between ACSET or the Controlled Company and a Director/Commissioner/Major Shareholder of ACSET or their Affiliates, or b.  where there is a difference between the economic interests of ACSET/the Controlled  Company  with  the  personal  economic  interests  of  the Director/Commissioner/major shareholder of ACSET (“ Conflict of Interest Transaction ”), such proposed transaction shall be firstly reviewed by the Legal Department of ACSET to ensure compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. 2.3. If according to the laws and regulations, a Conflict of Interest Transaction requires approval from independent shareholders of ACSET, such proposed transaction shall also requires prior approval from the Board of Commissioners of the Company. 2.4. Every Conflict of Interest Transaction shall be carried out under customary terms and at a fair price, and not detrimental to the Company. Appropriate internal control procedures shall be carried out to support such requirements. 2.5. If an employee (including executive) has a conflict of interest with ACSET or ACSET Group, or if a transaction involving an employee is deemed by other relevant party as a conflict of interest transaction with UT or ACSET Group, the employee

Code of Conduct  13 shall immediately disclose such transaction in writing to the Board of Directors of ACSET. 2.6. Every Director, Commissioner, and Employee of ACSET or Controlled Company who has a conflict of interest with ACSET or Controlled Company must not be involved in the decision making process related to such conflict of interest.  VII.  Guideline on Donation Policy  1.  Definition Donation is a contribution or participation of the Company, which is granted on its own initiative or at the request of other party, in the form of cash funds, goods/in kind, vehicles, or joint programs, and particularly granted to the communities in the surrounding area of the Company, organization, institutions or other parties. 2.  Objectives As a form of the Company’s concern and corporate social responsibility towards the social conditions of the community that needs assistance. 3.  Order of Priority 3.1. High priority: Areas or activities:  -  Natural disaster  -  Education  -  Health  -  Environment Organization or institution that may propose:  -  Communities in the vicinity of the Company  -  Mass media/Press  -  Educational institutions  -  Community based organizations  -  Reputable Non Governmental Organizations  -  Governmental institutions  -  Other related parties 3.2. Medium priority: Areas or activities:  -  Sports  -  Social/Religion  -  Culture

Code of Conduct  14 3.3. Low Priority: Areas or activities:  -  Routine donation, such as anniversaries  -  Seminar, purchase of invitation  -  Donation upon personal request  -  Congress, symposium, conference  -  Regional related donation 3.4. Non priority: Areas or activities that are not in line with Astra’s Catur Dharma values, among others:  -  Politics  -  In relation with the competitors  -  Those that may raise conflict and discrimination issues ( SARA ) 4.  Granting Consideration  -  Shall be evaluated taking into account the objectives and reputation of the parties or organizations/institutions submitting the proposal  -  Shall be targeted to the right recipients and in line with the need  -  Shall be coordinated and communicated with the affiliates of the Company to avoid duplications  -  Availability of funds (according to budget) 5.  Granting  Policy a.  Donation requests for communities in the vicinity of the Company, such as  RT ,  RW , Village and District, shall be evaluated and decided by the Company. In the case of donations granted to the same area, coordination shall be carried out with and between the affiliates of the Company. b.  Donation requests for provincial level or above, shall be coordinated among the Public Relation functions within ACSET Group and Corporate Communication of the Company. c.  Each Public Relation functions in affiliates of the Company shall record all donations to organizations, institutions and inform the same to Corporate Communication of the Company as a basis for considering the donation. ***


</Construction_Indonesia_Acset Indonusa_2015.pdf>