This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Construction_Korea_Daewoo E&C_2024.pdf>

Code  of  Conduct  (DTMS-RR-110)  Rev.8  The  “Code  of  Conduct”  is  established  for  Daewoo  E&C  (hereinafter  referred  to  as  “the  Company")  and  its  employees  to  fulfill  the  vision  of  “For  the  People  &  Better  Tomorrow”;  and  to  set  a  standard  for  just  conduct  and  value  judgement  for  each  employee  and  stakeholders,  in  order  to  set  a  fair  and  transparent  corporate  culture.  The  Conduct  is  comprised  of  an  'Ethics  Charter'  which  presents  a  standard  of  just  conduct  and  value  judgment  for  employees  to  keep  to;  a  ‘Code  of  Ethics’  which  clarifies  the  company’s  specific  ethics  criteria  in  regards  to  stakeholders;  and  a  ‘Guidelines’  which  specifies  all  necessary  details  and  standards  for  the  fulfillment  of  the  Regulation  of  Ethics  among  employees.  1.  Ethical  Charter  1.1  Purpose  The  “Ethics  Charter”  stipulates  the  standard  of  just  conduct  and  value  judgement  which  employees  shall  abide  by,  and  aims  for  the  Company  and  all  its  employees  to  conduct  business  with  transparency  and  integrity,  thereby  fulfilling  the  exemplary  ethical  management  requested  by  society.  1.2  Body  (1)  We  develop  an  ethical  corporate  culture,  through  fair  and  transparent  business  conduct.  (2)  We  respect  customers  and  put  priority  on  customer  satisfaction  in  management  activities.  (3)  We  respect  individuals’  dignity  and  take  the  initiative  in  protecting  the  rights  and  interests  of  the  disadvantaged  and  promoting  their  equality.  (4)  We  comply  with  all  international  agreements  and  laws  regarding  human  rights,  environment,  culture  and  economy.  (5)  We  do  not  abuse  a  dominant  or  privileged  position  to  carry  out  misconduct  against  related  personnels.  (6)  We,  as  a  member  of  the  society,  fulfill  our  social  responsibility  and  contribute

to  the  development  of  community.  (7)  We  are  competent  individuals,  continuously  practicing  the  core  values  of  Challenge  and  Passion,  Autonomy  and  Accountability,  Trust  and  Cooperation.  2.  Code  of  Ethics  2.1  Purpose  The  “Code  of  Ethics”  stipulates  guidelines  for  upright  actions  and  value  judgement  with  principle  stakeholders  regarding  economy,  society  and  environment.  2.2  Body  2.2.1  Attitude  towards  shareholders  and  investors  (1)  Protect  shareholders’  rights  -  The  Company  shall  protect  shareholders’  rights  and  respect  shareholders‘  reasonable  demands  and  proposals.  -  The  Company  shall  make  effort  to  maximize  the  benefit  of  shareholders,  as  well  as  building  mutual  trust  with  shareholders  and  investors  through  continuous  management  innovation  and  growth  strategies.  (2)  Equal  Treatment  -  The  Company  shall  treat  all  shareholders,  including  minority  sharesholders,  fairly  and  equally.  -  The  Company  shall  consider  all  shareholders‘  benefits,  allowing  the  benefits  and  tights  of  minority  shareholders  are  not  unfairly  violated.  (3)  Active  Provision  of  Information  -  The  Company  shall  transparently  disclose  its  financial  statements  and  business  performance  reports.  -  The  Company  shall  provide  accurate  management  information  in  a  timely  manner  according  to  relevant  regulations  so  that  the  investors  and  other  information  users  can  make  reasonable  investment  decisions

2.2.2  Attitude  towards  customers  (1)  Respecting  Customers  -  The  Company  shall  think  and  act  from  customers‘  perspective  and  make  effort  to  satisfy  customers  through  provision  of  best  products  and  services.  -  The  Company  shall  provide  customers  with  accurate  information  on  construction  and  production  process  and  shall  not  engage  in  false  advertising.  (2)  Protecting  customers’  rights  and  interests  -  The  Company  shall  protect  the  benefits,  safety  and  personal  information  of  its  customers,  and  not  demand  unfair  requests  and  actions.  -  The  Company  shall  respect  and  abide  laws  regarding  customers  protection  in  order  to  protect  the  rightness  and  interests  of  customers.  2.2.3  Attitude  towards  competitors  and  partners  (1)  Fair  Competition  with  competitors  -  The  Company  shall  respect  the  principles  that  underpin  a  fair  and  free  market  economy  and  abide  fair  trade  regulations.  (2)  Fair  trade  with  partners  -  The  Company  shall  pursue  mutual  development  through  fair  trades  with  partners.  -  The  Company  shall  not  impose  unfair  demands  or  exert  malign  influence  using  its  dominant  status.  -  The  Company  shall  take  initiative  to  establish  a  sound  subcontract  transaction  and  refrain  from  engaging  in  unfair  subcontract  transactions.  2.2.4  Responsibility  to  employees  (1)  Enhancement  of  employees’  ethical  awareness  -  The  Company  shall  provide  systematical  education  and  training  for  employees  so  that  they  can  comply  with  the  Code  of  Ethics.  (2)  Fair  Treatment  -  The  Company  shall  not  discriminate  against  employees  on  the  basis  of  race,

religion,  regionalism,  school  and  family  backgrounds,  gender  or  disabilities,  and  provide  equal  opportunities  according  to  abilities  and  qualifications.  -  The  Company  shall  set  up  a  clear  evaluation  criteria  in  order  to  fairly  evaluate  and  reward  employees.  (3)  Responsibility  for  Work  Environment  -  The  Company  shall  make  efforts  towards  employees‘  health  and  development  of  a  safe  working  environment.  -  The  Company  shall  respect  the  autonomy  and  creativity  of  each  employee  and  provide  equal  opportunity  to  develop  and  support  self-realization.  -  The  Company  shall  respect  employees‘  independent  personalities  and  the  basic  rights,  and  create  and  environment  to  freely  make  suggestions  and  proposals.  2.2.5  Attitude  towards  the  country  and  community  (1)  Compliance  with  domestic  and  international  regulations  -  The  Company  shall  comply  with  domestic  and  international  law  and  regulations  as  a  member  of  society.  -  The  company  complies  with  the  matters  related  to  the  prevention  of  money  laundering  prescribed  by  domestic  and  foreign  laws  and  legally  operates  and  manages  funds.  -  The  company  does  not  support  specific  political  parties,  politicians,  or  candidates  in  any  way,  such  as  political  sponsorship  or  donation.  (2)  Contribution  to  the  domestic  economy  and  social  development  -  The  Company  shall  contribute  to  the  domestic  economy  and  social  development  by  increasing  productivity,  employment,  faithful  tax  payments,  and  fulfilling  its  social  contributions.  (3)  Environment  Protection  -  The  Company  shall  perform  all  its  business  in  an  environmentally-friendly

manner,  engage  actively  in  environment  protection  and  comply  with  all  related  laws  and  regulations.  -  The  Company  shall  promote  environment  protection  by  saving  resources  and  developing  new  technologies.  (4)  Safety  Management  and  Accident  Prevention  -  The  Company  shall  make  the  utmost  efforts  in  safety  management  and  accident  prevention,  and  comply  with  regulations  on  safety  and  quality.  -  The  Company  shall  provide  education  and  training  to  prevent  accidents  caused  by  negligence  and  take  prompt  measures  in  times  of  such  occurrence,  and  thoroughly  conduct  routine  inspections  on  its  facilities.  2.3  Site  Code  of  Ethics  (1)  We  comply  with  laws  and  company  regulations  (2)  We  respect  Subcontractors  and  conduct  business  with  sincerity  and  fairness.  (3)  We  never  ask  for  improper  solicitation,  money,  gifts,  or  entertainment  from  Subcontractors.  (4)  We  do  not  engage  in  any  acts  of  bullying  against  Subcontractors  by  taking  advantage  of  our  superior  position.  (5)  We  take  the  lead  in  eradicating  fraudulent  acting,  and  report  it  to  the  Whistle  blowing  channel  for  fraudulent  acting  as  soon  as  it  is  discovered.  3.  Guidelines  3.1  Purpose  The  Guidelines  stipulates  detailed  matters  and  necessary  criteria  on  employees’  ethics  code.  3.2  Terms  and  definitions  3.2.1  Duty  “Duty”  includes  not  only  one’s  own  assigned  tasks  but  also  those  of  others  which  one  can  have  influence  on.  3.2.2  Money  and  Goods  “Money  and  Goods”  refer  to  cash,  checks,  gift  cards,  vouchers,  and  other

goods.  3.2.3  Entertainment  “Entertainment“  refers  to  benefits  including  dining,  drinking,  entertainment  (sports),  performances  and  others.  3.2.4  Stakeholders  "Stakeholders"  refer  to  a  certain  natural  person,  corporation,  or  other  organization  inside  and  outside  the  Company  such  as  employees,  clients,  customers,  government  officials  that  my  be  influenced  by  the  actions  or  decisions  of  the  employees  relating  to  certain  business.  3.2.5  Mandatory  Associated  Person  "Mandatory  Associated  Person"  refers  to  an  investigating  team  member,  nvestigator,  and  employee  who  has  been  reported  on  an  investigation  regarding  violation  of  ethical  management.  3.3  Protect  company  assets  and  intellectual  properties  3.3.1  Employees  shall  protect  the  company's  material  property,  intellectual  property  and  trade  secrets,  and  shall  not  use  them  for  private  purposes.  3.3.2  Personal  use  and  embezzlement  of  company  funds,  expenses,  fixtures,  and  facilities  shall  be  prohibited  regardless  of  any  reason.  3.3.3  Employees  shall  not  pursue  personal  gains  using  their  position,  or  the  use  of  Company’s  undisclosed  information  for  unfair  trading  practices  or  stock  transactions.  3.3.4  Employees  shall  not  disclose  critical  information  that  may  affect  the  Company's  profits  and  stock  prices  without  due  legal  process.  3.3.5  All  details  regarding  the  Company’s  material  and  intangible  property  protection  and  clients’  private  information  protection  are  under  “Information  protection  organization  operation(DTMS-PU-308)”  Procedure  and  “Information

asset  management(DTMS-PU-309)”  Procedure.  3.4  Prohibit  monetary  transaction  3.4.1  Employees  shall  not  participate  in  any  form  of  financial  transaction,  such  as  cash  loans  and  loan  guarantees  with  stakeholders,  nor  shall  hold  shares  where  the  Company’s  interests  lay.  In  addition,  cash  loans  from  subordinates  is  prohibited  regardless  of  interest  payments.  3.4.2  All  economic  and  gambling  actions  that  harm  sound  comradeship  is  prohibited.  3.5  Prohibition  of  improper  solicitation  and  provision  of  money  to  public  officials  3.5.1  It  is  prohibited  to  make  improper  solicitations  to  public  officials,  etc.  who  are  subject  to  the  Anti-Graft  Act,  directly  or  through  a  third  party,  or  to  provide  money  or  other  entertainment  or  entertainment.  3.6  Fair  trade  3.6.1  We  do  not  engage  in  collusion  with  competitors,  and  comply  with  laws  related  to  fair  trade  and  subcontracting.  3.7  Prohibit  illegal  gains,  including  money  and  goods  3.7.1  Employees  shall  not  receive  or  demand  money  or  goods  from  stakeholders,  customers,  and  suppliers  etc.  3.7.2  Employees  shall  not  offer  money  and  goods  requested  by  customers  or  other  stakeholders,  nor  provide  excessive  gifts  that  are  socially  unacceptable.  3.7.3  Employees  shall  not  give  or  take  money  or  excessive  gifts  from  one  another.  3.7.4  Employees  and  their  relatives  including  cousins  and  spouses,  shall  not  receive  or  give  inappropriate  profits,  such  as  money  and  gifts.

3.7.5  Other  details  on  handling  procedure  for  receipt  of  money  or  gifts  shall  be  referred  to  “Regulations  for  Handling  Acceptance  of  Money  and  Goods”  (DTMS-PN-102).  3.8  Prohibit  entertainment  3.8.1  Personal  golf  playing  with  clients  or  other  employees  is  prohibited  as  a  rule  except  for  official  gatherings  or  in  cases  approved  by  the  Company  in  advance;  and  even  with  the  Company’s  prior  consent,  the  cost  shall  not  be  put  on  the  client.  3.8.2  The  Company  shall  bear  the  expenses  for  inevitably  having  a  meal  with  the  stakeholders.  In  some  cases  simple  expenses  for  meals  can  be  paid  by  stakeholders  according  to  socially  accepted  norms,  but  such  occasions  should  not  occur  frequently.  3.8.3  If  stakeholders  suggest  additional  hospitality  after  a  simple  meal,  employees  shall  politely  refuse  such  offer.  3.9  Prohibit  announcing  family  affairs  3.9.1  Notifying  stakeholders  about  one’s  and  other  employees’  congratulatory  or  condolence  occasion  is  strictly  prohibited.  In  case  of  notifying  on  the  Company’s  internet,  only  the  occasions  of  employee  him/herself  or  his/her  spouse’s  direct  family  are  permitted.  3.9.2  Receiving  expenditures  or  gifts  on  such  occasions,  employees  shall  return  them  immediately  if  it  exceeds  the  socially  accepted  range.  3.9.3  Employees  who  have  received  excessive  expenditures  or  gifts  shall  immediately  report  to  his/her  supervisor,  who  shall  politely  request  the  relevant  stakeholder  to  prevent  such  recurrence.  3.9.4  Employees  shall  not  receive  wreaths  from  stakeholders,  and  in  case  where  receiving  is  inevitable,  they  shall  not  display  it.

3.10  Prohibit  receiving  event  sponsorship  3.10.1  Employees  shall  not  involve  stakeholders  in  team  events  or  club  events,  etc.,  except  for  official  company  or  headquarter  events.  3.10.2  If  it  is  necessary  to  invite  stakeholders  due  to  the  nature  of  the  event,  employees  shall  obtain  prior  approval  from  their  supervisor,  and  notify  the  stakeholders  that  supporting  donations  will  not  be  received,  so  that  they  will  not  be  burdened  in  participating  at  the  event.  3.10.3  If  stakeholders  bring  cash  or  goods,  employees  must  return  them.  3.10.4  In  case  of  inevitably  received  small  items  (such  as  beverages),  the  event  manager  must  express  his  gratitude  to  the  interested  parties  and  request  that  such  incidents  do  not  occur  again  in  the  future,  and  notify  the  Dedicated  department  of  this  fact.  3.10.5  If  employees  have  inevitably  received  minor  goods  (wall  clock,  flowerpot,  mirrors,  tissues,  etc.)  given  in  the  case  of  relocation  of  the  office,  the  supervisor  shall  request  such  event  shall  not  be  repeated  in  the  future.  3.10.6  Participating  in  events  held  or  paid  partially/entirely  by  stakeholders  shall  be  accepted  only  after  prior  approval  of  the  team  leader(site  manager).  The  team  leader(site  manager)  shall  determine  whether  to  approve  the  participation,  considering  the  its  business  feature  and  interests.  3.11  Prohibition  of  Sexual  Harassment  and  Bullying  in  the  Workplace  3.11.1  Employees  shall  use  any  word  or  act  upon  any  conduct  that  harms  sound  comradeship,  including  physical,  verbal,  and  visual  word  or  conduct  viable  as  sexually  humiliating.

3.11.2  Employees  must  not  take  advantage  of  their  superior  position  in  the  workplace  to  do  things  that  go  beyond  the  proper  scope  for  work  or  worsen  the  work  environment.  3.12  Prohibit  acts  causing  conflict  with  Company’s  interests  3.12.1  Employees  shall  endeavor  to  avoid  any  actions  or  relations  that  conflict  with  the  company's  interests.  In  case  of  conflict  between  the  company  and  individuals,  or  between  departments,  the  company’s  interest  shall  be  given  priority.  3.12.2  The  following  conducts  of  employees  are  forbidden.  (1)  If  an  employee,  his  or  her  family  member  or  relative  is  a  stakeholder  in  deal  related  to  the  company  (2)  If  an  employee,  his  or  her  family  or  relatives  receives  a  reward  from  a  third  party  in  addition  to  the  wage  paid  by  the  company  for  a  company  deal.  (3)  If  an  employee,  his  or  her  family  or  relatives  are  employed  to  another  company  that  has  interest  in  the  Company,  which  can  cause  conflict  of  interest  in  carrying  out  business.  (4)  If  employees  use  confidential  information  obtained  in  business  for  personal  profit  3.12.3  When  it  is  difficult  for  employees  to  perform  their  duties  fairly  due  to  personal  interests,  employees  shall  immediately  report  the  cause  of  the  conflict  of  interest  to  their  superiors  and  prevent  conflicts  of  interest,  such  as  avoiding  the  performance  of  their  duties.  3.13  Prohibit  political  involvement

3.13.1  Employees  shall  not  engage  in  political  activities  during  office  hours  and  shall  not  use  the  Company's  organization,  manpower  and  property  for  political  purposes.  3.13.2  Individual  employee's  right  to  vote  and  political  opinions  are  respected,  but  their  political  opinions  or  involvement  shall  not  be  misunderstood  as  the  Company's  position.  3.14  Raise  issues  on  Code  of  Conduct  violations  3.14.1  In  case  of  having  discovered  or  recognized  a  violation  of  Code  of  Conduct,  employees  must  report  immediately  through  the  whistle  blowing  Channel  or  raise  issues.  3.14.2  Confidentiality  of  the  informant’s  status  as  well  as  the  secrets  related  to  the  issue  being  raised  must  be  guaranteed.  3.14.3  Employee’s  status  and  the  provided  information  shall  be  shared  only  by  the  'Mandatory  Associated  Persons'  responsible  for  resolving  the  issue.  3.14.4  Matters  related  to  whistle  blowing  and  whistle  blower  protection  are  in  accordance  with  “Company  whistle  blowing  Channel  Operation  (DTMS-PN-103)”.  3.15  Disciplinary  action  against  violation  of  regulations  3.15.1  Employees  violating  the  Company's  ethical  policies  shall  be  subject  to  disciplinary  action  based  on  the  severity  of  violation.  3.15.2  Violations  that  are  subject  to  disciplinary  action  include  the  following.  (1)  Violating  the  company’s  Code  of  Ethics  (2)  Demanding  others  to  violate  the  Company’s  ethical  policies  (3)  Not  immediately  reporting  a  recognized  or  suspected  violation  of  the  company  ethics  policy  (4)  Not  cooperating  with  the  Company’s  measures  on  regarding  issues  that

are  likely  to  result  in  violation  of  policies.  (5)  Retaliating  or  detecting  employees  who  reported  issues  on  ethical  management  (6)  Failure  to  show  leadership  or  sincerity  in  complying  with  the  Company’s  ethical  policies  and  regulations  3.15.3  Details  on  the  discipline  of  employees  shall  be  in  accordance  with  the  "Employment  Regulations  (DTMS-RR-106)".  3.16  Detailed  instructions  3.16.1  Details  related  to  this  Code  of  Ethics  are  in  accordance  with  the  Guidelines  “Compliance  Guidelines  for  Each  interested  parties”  (DTMS-IN-601).  4.  Related  standards  (1)  Handling  Acceptance  of  Money  and  Valuables(DTMS-PN-102)  (2)  Company  whistle  blowing  Channel  Operation(DTMS-PN-103)  (3)  Information  protection  organization  operation(DTMS-PU-308)  (4)  Information  asset  management(DTMS-PU-309)  (5)  Employee  Employment  Rules(DTMS-RR-106)  (6)  Compliance  guidelines  for  each  interested  parties  Addendum  1.  Implementation  1)  This  Code  of  Ethics  is  effective  from  March  7,  2007.  2)  This  Code  of  Ethics  is  effective  from  January  12,  2009.  3)  This  Code  of  Ethics  is  effective  from  January  10,  2011.  4)  This  Code  of  Ethics  is  effective  from  April  1,  2013.  5)  This  Code  of  Ethics  is  effective  from  February  20,  2014.  6)  This  Code  of  Ethics  is  effective  from  February  1,  2019.  7)  This  Code  of  Ethics  is  effective  from  August  22,  2022.  8)  This  Code  of  Ethics  is  effective  from  December  1,  2022.


</Construction_Korea_Daewoo E&C_2024.pdf>