This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Construction_China_China State Construction International_2024.pdf>

1  (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)  (Stock Code : 3311)  ( the “Company”)  Code o f  Business  Ethics  (“Code”)  A.  Code of Business  Ethics  The  Code of Business  E th ics  of  China State Construction International Holdings  Limited  (hereinafter referred to as "the Code") outlines the fundamental ethical  principles and standards of conduct that the Company must  adhere to in its  operations to  ensure compliance with the law. This Code serves as a crucial  foundation for the Company's continued success.  Th e  Code clarifies the basic requirements and behavioral norms of  t he Company  and its subsidiaries (the “Group”)  an d their employees in terms of production  operations, business dealings, social activities, etc., so that employees can increase  their awareness and make behaviors consistent with professional ethics when  performing their duties. conduct their duties in a l aw - abiding, honest, fair and  upright manner.  This Code applies to all employees of the Company's constituent units, as well as  to third parties engaged in business activities on behalf of these units.  1  Adherence to Laws and Regulations  1.1  Compliance with Nat ional Laws  1.1.1  Employees must be fully cognizant that any violation of laws, regulations,  and compliance requirements may result in civil or criminal liability and  damage to the Company's reputation.  1.1.2  Employees must refrain from engaging in any unethical behavior  tha t  is  expressly prohibited or  may  lead to suspicions of unlawful conduct by the  ( A pril - 202 4)  Version )

2  Company .  1.1.3  Financial record - keeping  must  be honest, objective and fair . R ecords and  statements  must  accurately re flect the  financial  condition of the Company's  business activities and comply with  relevant accounting  principles ,  standards, and accounting and financial reporting regulations.  1.1.4  The Company shall strictly adhere to all corporate policies and applicable  law s and regulations pertaining to documentation and record retention.  1.1.5  Employees must not unduly influence the behavior of any co - worker,  customer, competitor, or other  person s  by endangering or threatening to  endanger the safety of persons or property.  1.1.6  Employees  shall comply with and uphold the Anti - Unfair Competition Law,  the Anti - Monopoly Law, and other laws, regulations, and compliance  requirements for maintaining fair competition in the market.  1.1.7  Employees  shall not violate laws and regulations on anti - money laundering  and anti - terrorist financing ,  and shall not conduct business with customers  whose sources of funds are illegal.  1.1.8  Employees  shall comply with all export controls, economic sanction  provisions, and customs regulations governing the cross - bor der transfer of  goods and technology.  1.1.9  Employees  shall strictly comply with all applicable health, safety, and  environmental laws and regulations for manufacturing  and  operations.  1.1.10  The Company shall adhere to international policies and regulations  regarding  countries that support terrorism and other countries subject to  economic sanctions.  1.2  Fair Competition  1.2.1  Employees shall not collude or participate jointly with competitors in  act ivities  that have an improper purpose or influence, including bid - rigging,  formin g price alliances, sabotaging bidding procedures, dividing markets,  and restricting the production output of products.  1.3  Prevention of Commercial Bribery  1.3.1  The Company firmly believes that success in business should be based on  competitiveness in the market, p erformance and quality of products,

3  services, and technology. Under no circumstances shall employees obtain  commercial success in any business activity through any form of corrupt  practices such as bribery or other misconduct of the same nature.  1.3.2  Bribes, co mmercial or property benefits, cash payments, or gifts of value  (including hospitality) in any form shall not be offered, promised,  authorized, given, or accepted for the purpose of influencing business  conduct or decision - making, obtaining or maintaining  business  opportunities, obtaining an  unfair  advantage, or interfering with independent  judgment. Employees are also not permitted to carry out the above behaviors  through relatives or  proxies .  2  Protection of Company Assets  2.1  Insider Trading  2.1.1  Any employee who  becomes aware of the Company's insider information  shall be responsible for keeping the insider information confidential .  Employees  shall not disclose information that has not yet been publicly  disclosed to any organization or individual in any way.  2.1.2  The C ompany prohibits any employee who is aware of insider information  on securities trading from utilizing the insider information to engage in or  suggest others to engage in securities trading activities.  2.1.3  Any employee who violates the Company's confidentialit y  policy  for insider  information, leaks insider information without authorization, or causes the  leakage of insider information due to  negligence , resulting in serious impacts  or losses to the Company, will be subject to disciplinary actions, financial  pen alties, and  bear  legal responsibilities.  2.2  Secur ity of  Communications  2.2.1  Communication resources, such as e - mail, the Internet, telephones  (including mobile phones), and other means of communication, are assets of  the Company and must be used for professional - related purposes.  T he  Company is the legal owner of the professional  data on users' personal  devices  when they are connected to the company’s information systems .  When a user leaves the Company, the professional data on that device  should be deleted by the Company. The use of communication resources is  based on the recognit ion that private life and business are closely related,

4  and that a proper balance between the two is in the interest of the Company  and its employees. However, such use must be limited to what is reasonable  and necessary.  2.3  Protection of Trade Secrets  2.3.1  Employ ees should comply with the Company's commercial secret protection  regulations, keep the commercial secrets of the  compa ny  and  its  business  partners, and are prohibited from leaking commercial secrets to others.  2.3.2  Employees shall not release, discuss in publi c, disclose to unauthorized  persons or institutions, or use commercial confidential and /or  exclusive  information of the Company or relevant third parties without proper  authorization  or  internal communication  with  leaders. If confidential  information  discl osure  is  needed  due to  business requirements , the approval  procedure shall be carried out in  advance  in accordance with the regulations.  2.3.3  Confidential information includes, but is not limited to, results, forecasts,  and other financial data; human resources  and personal information;  information relating to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, new products  and orders; and supplier/customer information. Proprietary information  includes, but is not limited to, business strategies, technologies, product  impro vements, inventions, information systems, trade secrets, and know -  how developed or realized by the Company, as well as matters covered by  any confidentiality agreements.  2.3.4  Employees responsible for the management, use, and transmission of  confidential and pr oprietary information, including information about  customers and suppliers, shall not improperly disclose and misuse relevant  data within the Company or to external third parties.  2.3.5  Employees  shall enhance data protection and data security to ensure the  secu rity of the Company's information, network, and products.  2.3.6  Employees shall not use the Company's business opportunities, property,  information, or other resources for their own or others' benefit.  2.4  Intellectual Property Rights  2.4.1  The Company shall strengthen intellectual property protection and hold  accountable those who use the Company's intellectual property without  authorization. The Company shall respect valid intellectual property rights  and avoid unauthorized use of intellect ual property belonging to others or to

5  other  organization s .  2.5  External Communications  2.5.1  Media: The Company actively engages in communications  campaign s  to  reinforce its image with customers, opinion leaders, analysts, investors, the  public, and stakeholders. T he Company is publicly traded, and any  interaction with the media or analysts that may affect the C ompany's image  or reputation must be carefully scrutinized and controlled.  T he  General  Office  is responsible for all media relations .  All statements issued to the  media or responses to media inquiries must be handled or coordinated by the  General  Office  without exception.  2.5.2  Investors: The  Corporate Finance  D epartment  is responsible for financial  communications with analysts and investors.  Any requests from analysts or  investors wishing to obtain information about the Company should be  forwarded to the  Corporate Finance  Department .  Any employee  who is  invited to  event s  or  meeting s  wh ere an investor is present must notify the  Corporate  Finance  Department  in writing and obtain prior written  authorization from the department be fore accepting the invitation.  3  Overseeing and Maintaining Cooperative Relationships  3.1  With Clients  3.1.1  The Company treats all of its c lients  honestly and fairly, regardles s of the  size of their business. The Company is committed to providing its customers  with quality products and services that meet their needs.  3.1.2  Employees  shall provide detailed information about  the company’s  products  and services in advertisements, public  statements, and quotations provided to  customers. When employees are negotiating contracts, they must ensure that  any statements, promotional materials, and presentations provided  are honest  and accurate.  3.2  With Suppliers  3.2.1  Procurement of goods or services must be evaluated on the basis of  superiority in price, quality, performance, delivery and suitability. All forms  of bribery and kickbacks are strictly prohibited, as are any conflicts of  interest between the Company and it s subcontractors and suppliers. The  Company requires its suppliers and subcontractors to strictly comply with  laws and regulations related to their business activities.

6  3.3  With the Government  3.3.1  Contractual relationships with state - owned or public entities must  be  conducted in strict compliance with the law and integrity compliance  requirements, and the highest standards of business ethics  shall be enforced .  Particular care should be taken when doing business with state - owned or  public entities or obtaining licen ses, permits or similar approvals from  government agencies. To prevent conflicts of interest, special care should  also be taken when hiring former or current government employees, which  should only be done in accordance with Company policies and procedures ,  and only after approval.  3.4  Managing and Avoiding  Conflict of Interest  3.4.1  Conflicts of interest may distort an employee's business judgment, and  employees of the Company are expected to recuse themselves from any  action that may involve the employee  himself/herself or a relative and  conflict with the interests of the Company and its related parties.  3.4.2  Employees' business decisions and actions should be based on the best  interests of the Company and should not compromise independent judgment  and sound de cision - making  due to  relationships with potential or current  suppliers, subcontractors, representatives, hired employees, customers,  competitors, or regulators.  3.5  Gift - giving and Hospitality  3.5.1  Under certain social customs and cultures, employees may exchange  s ymbolic gifts, non - cash courtesy tokens or offer friendly  accommodations  in the course of business activities. However, gifts, souvenirs, hospitality  (including money, loans, invitations and payments or reimbursements) or  any other form of special treatmen t may not be given, offered, or accepted in  connection therewith, if it is for the purpose of influencing business  decision s . Nor is it permissible for the above to occur through relatives or  other  pr oxies .  4  P rotecting the Environment  4.1  Environmental and Ecol ogical Protection

7  4.1.1  The Company focuses on environmental protection and ecological  construction in the workplace and is committed to  promoting  the cleanliness  and conservation of soil, water and air, as well as biodiversity and cultural  heritage. The Company encourages the development and promotion of  environmentally sound technologies. The Company expects all employees to  pay attention to the p rotection of the environment in the performance of their  duties.  5  Safeguarding  Employee Rights and Interests  5.1  Respect for the Human Rights of Employees  5.1.1  The Company complies with all laws and regulations prohibiting forced and  unpaid labor, child  labor, human trafficking, and discrimination in  employment.  5.1.2  The Company shall protect the basic rights of its employees, including the  employees' right to work safety, health, and personal privacy.  5.1.3  The Company  shall  create work environments that prohibit harassment and  bullying,  including  sexual harassment, physical abuse, etc.  towards  employees and coworkers.  5.2  Career Development  5.2.1  The Company strives to promote the development of its employees by  addressing their needs in terms of career aspirations and development  by  rational goal - setting and review of performance ,  putting the Company's  values into practice.  5.3  Equality and Diver sity  5.3.1  The Company shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations that  treat all employees fairly and with mutual respect, and provide  equal  employment opportunities .  E mployment decisions  shall be free from  any  discrimination , including  race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, sex  (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age,  disability, military service,  or any  other  characteristic s  protected by law.  Employees are expected to respect the basic rights of others  in their work  and business  interactions .  5.4  Health and Safety

8  5.4.1  The Company is committed to providing safe and healthy working  environments at all sites, maintaining the same high standards wherever it  conducts busine ss. The Company pays strong attention to high - risk activities  and strives to reduce the number of accidents to zero by providing intensive  training and  enforcin g zero tolerance  policies  for breach of standards.  Measures to eliminate risks associated with h ealth and safety issues are  applied at all sites and throughout all projects.  B.  Compliance Responsibilities of Management and Employees  In conjunction with the implementation of this Code of Ethics,  the following  compliance responsibilities shall be imposed on all levels of management and  employees of the Company as follows:  1  Management Responsibilities  1.1  Managers at all levels shall bear a higher degree of responsibility than non -  managerial employees for ensuring i mplementation of this Code of Ethics  within their respective areas of oversight.  1.2  Managers shall actively promote adherence to this Code through both  instruction and demonstrated commitment to its principles in  business  activities .  1.3  Managers shall emphasize  to subordinate employees the importance and  necessity of upholding ethical standards and compliance requirements in all  business operations and manufacturing activities under their purview.  1.4  Managers shall remain vigilant for any violations of this Code and  take  appropriate preventive, detective and corrective measures .  Managers shall  protect employees who report potential violations from retaliation.  1.5  Upon receipt of a compliance violation report from  employees , managers  shall expeditiously escalate the  report to the Compliance Department while  maintaining confidentiality and protecting the reporting employee from  retaliation.  2  Employee Responsibilities  2.1  Employees shall be obligated to maintain full awareness and  adherence  of  this Code in the performance of  their daily duties and business activitie s  in

9  addition to  all applicable laws, regulations and compliance requirements  related to their respective roles and responsibilities.  2.2  Employees  have a duty to  report any known or suspected violation of this  Code or  related compliance program s  to their direct manager or the  Compliance Department in a timely manner, providing comprehensive  details.  3  Compliance Performance Evaluations  3.1  The Company shall conduct annual compliance performance evaluations for  all employees  on a progressive basis.  3.2  The  C ompliance  D epartment of each operating unit shall formulate specific  compliance performance evaluation standards applicable to that unit in  coordination with relevant departments and aligned with the unit's particular  circumsta nces.  C.  Inquiries, Reporting and Handling  Violation s  1  At any time, e mployees may consult the Compliance Department or  relevant authorities specified in the Company's compliance program  regarding this Code, compliance policies, ethical standards or  applicable  laws and regulations under various circumstances including  but not limited to:  1.1  C larification s  on ethical or compliance matters .  1.2  Facing difficult situations in adhering to the Company's ethical standards .  1.3  Encountering actions or requests from business part ners or colleagues that  potentially violate laws, regulations or compliance requirements .  1.4  The operating unit or individuals being subject to external compliance  investigations, inquiries or allegations .  1.5  Any other compliance - related issues or situations .  2  The following  communication  channels  are  available to any department,  employee, business partner or other part ies  aware of an actual or

10  suspected violation of the Company's compliance policies, relevant laws  and regulations, or other requirements, regardle ss of materiality:  Hotl ine:  852 - 28233665  Email:  3311jubao@cohl.com  The following reporting channels shall be available to employees:  1  Whistleblower Hotline  2  Direct report to the Compliance Department  3  Report to a senior business executive  who shall then notify the  Compliance Department  3  The identity of the  whistleblower s , content of the report s , subsequent  investigations, witnesses and all other pertinent information shall be  treated with strict confidentiality. No person s  or entit ies  shall  impede  whistleblowing activities or retaliate against  whistleblower s,  investigators, witnesses or their relatives through any means or under  any pretext.  Employees who report non - compliance or provide  suggestions to prevent significant losses to the Compa ny shall be eligible  for rewards.  4  Any substantiated violation of this Code by an employee shall result in  disciplinary action commensurate with the violation, including but not  limited to termination, demotion, reprimand or warning.  D.  Supplemental  Provisions  1  This Code of Ethics shall be interpreted  by  the  Corporate Finance  Department .  2  This Code shall enter into force on  26  April  2024 .

11


</Construction_China_China State Construction International_2024.pdf>