This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Construction_China_POWERCHINA_2018.pdf>



Code of Ethics  道德准则  1  CODE OF ETHICS  道德 准则  CHAPTER I  第一章  INTRODUCTION & POLICY STATEMENT  序言 及政策声明  POWERCHINA  INTERNATIONAL  GROUP  LTD.’S  (POWERCHINA -INTL  or  the Company) continued success and global growth can only be maintained and guided by our Core Values of Responsibility, Innovation, Integrity and Win-Win. When we individually and collectively conduct ourselves honestly, fairly, responsibly, and with integrity in all of our relations internally and externally, we honor these values and POWERCHINA- INTL’s focus  on people and harmony. At POWERCHINA-INTL, ethics and integrity compliance must be inherent in everything we do, without exception or equivocation. This Code of Ethics defines and guides POWERCHINA- INTL’s commitment to maintaining and fostering, and being  recognized both in China and globally as, an ethical company.  中国电建集团国际工程有限公司（以下简称“电建国际”或“公司” ）坚信，只有保持 和奉行公司的核心价值理念 —— 责任、创新、诚信和共赢，公司才能够取得不断的成功 和全球发展。 无论作为个人或集体， 对企业内部关系还是对外部关系， 我们都本着诚信、 公正和负责任的态度规范自己的行为，尊重上述核心价值理念并努力打造以人为本、和 谐共处的文化理念。公司要求员工的任何行为都必须毫无例外的符合道德和诚信要求。 本《道德准则》旨在明确并指导公司的道德建设，使电建国际成为中国及全球范围内公 认的有道德的企业。  Therefore, all employees must act in accordance  with the Code of Ethics and actively  embrace its values, principles, and rules .  We are committed to complying with the law  wherever we do business and to adhering to our own high ethical standards .  No employee  may compromise our ethical principles and  rules, and no objectives should be imposed or  accepted if they can be achieved only by compromising these ethical principles.  因此 ， 全体员工必须遵守本 《 道德 准则》 ， 积极 践行 其 理念 、原则和规定。 无论在哪里  开展业务，我们都承诺严格遵守当地法律 ，并坚持 公司 的高道德标准。任何员工均不得  违背 公司 的道德原则和规定， 不得在有悖于这些道德原则的前提下 去达到 任何目的 。  Each and every employee  must  deal  fairly with  the Company’s customers, suppliers,  contractors and other business partners, competitors, and employees must not seek to take

Code of Ethics  道德准则  2  advantage of another through manipulation, corruption, concealment, abuse of privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts, or any other unfair dealing practices. Simply put, corruption, fraud, and dishonesty have no place at POWERCHINA-INTL.  公司 员工 必须 公平公正地对待 公司 的 客户、供应商、承包商 、 其他 业务 合作伙伴 和 竞争  对手 ， 不 得 通过 违规操作 、腐败、 隐瞒 、滥用特权信息、 歪曲重要 事实或其他不 正当行  为等谋求相对于其他公司的竞争优势 。 简而言之， 公司 不 容 许腐败、 欺 诈 和 不诚实行为 。  Any  violation  of  the  Code  of  Ethics  is  a  serious  matter  that  could  have  damaging consequences  for  us  all  individually  and  collectively  and  could  seriously  harm POWERCHINA- INTL’s reputation as an ethical and  reliable business partner. If you have any ethical concerns or are aware of improper conduct, you are required to report it through appropriate  channels  as  indicated  in  POWERCHINA- INTL’s  compliance  policies  and  procedures.  任何违反 本 《 道德 准则》 的行为 都是 一种 严重 事件 ， 可能 会 对 公司 、 个人或集体造成破  坏性后果 ， 并 严重损害 电建国际 作为守道德 和 可 信赖 的 业务 合作 伙伴 的声誉。如果 您 有  任何 道德 方面的 疑虑 ，或知晓任何不当行为 ， 您 必须 通过 电建国际 合规政策和程序 规定  的适当渠道进行 报 告 。  Please read this Code of Ethics carefully. We recognize that ethics, integrity, and workplace policies and procedures cannot cover every situation that may arise, but the core values we embrace here should always apply.  请仔细阅读本 《 道德 准则》 。 我们 承认 上述 道德 规范 、诚信 要求 和工作场所政策和程序  并不能 涵盖可能 发生的所有情况 ，但 我们 奉行的核心价值观 在任何场合下都是适用 的 。  CHAPTER II  第二章  IMPLEMENTATION  实施  I.  Purpose  一、  目的  This Code of Ethics is intended to clearly and openly set forth the ethical principles that govern  all  POWERCHINA-INTL  operations,  including  the  operations  of  all POWERCHINA-INTL subsidiaries and affiliates. It serves not only to provide rules and guidance to employees, but as a public commitment by POWERCHINA-INTL to embrace its highest ethical aims and implement them in its daily operations around the globe.

Code of Ethics  道德准则  3  本《道德准则》旨在明确且公开地提出指导电建国际及其子公司和关联公司所有业务的 道德准则。它不仅是员工行为的准则和指南，同时也是电建国际在全球日常经营活动中 奉行最高道德标准的公开承诺。  II.  Scope  二、  适用范围  All employees are required to be fully aware of and follow closely the Code of Ethics  –  as well as all POWERCHINA-INTL policies and procedures that apply to their position and job activities.  所有员工 都应 充分了解并 遵守 本 《 道德 准则》 以及适用于其岗位和工作 内容 的所有 电建  国际 的 政策和程序。  The Code of Ethics  applies to  all  employees of  POWERCHINA-INTL, including all POWERCHINA-INTL subsidiaries, and all business partners who are also expected to adhere to this Code of Ethics in all of their dealings with or on behalf of POWERCHINA-INTL. All employees are personally responsible for ensuring that their conduct and that of those reporting to them comply with this Code of Ethics and all applicable laws, regulations, and policies.  本 《 道德 准则》 适用于 电建国际 所有员工， 电建国际 的所有 子公司 以及与 电建国际 有业  务往来或 代表 电建国际 从事业务活动的所有 业务 合作 伙伴 。 所有员工 都有责任 确保 自身  的行为和下属工作 人员的 行为符合本 《 道德 准则》 以及 有关 法律、法规和政策的要求。  Any employee who fails to comply with the Code of Ethics shall be subject to disciplinary measures, which may include the termination of his/her employment.  未遵守 本 《 道德 准则》 的员工 将 受到 纪律处分 ， 包括 解除劳动合同 。  III.  Administration  三、  管理  This  Code  of  Ethics  shall  be  administered  by  POWERCHINA- INTL’s  Compliance  Department and shall be under the overall supervision and responsibility of the Board of Directors. The Compliance Department will coordinate with other relevant Company bodies including the Legal Department, senior Management and the Compliance Steering Group. Any questions and further information on this Code of Ethics should be directed to the Compliance Department or to a line manager. If a compliance-related question or concern is directed to a line manager,  it shall be the line manager’s responsibility to inform and consult  with the Compliance Department, even if the matter has been resolved. Compliance with the Code of Ethics and relevant compliance policies and procedures shall be checked regularly by the Compliance Department, who shall submit its findings to the Compliance Steering Group.  本 《道德准则》 应由电建国际合规部门具体执行， 并接受公司董事会的全面监督和指导。

Code of Ethics  道德准则  4  合规部门负责与公司其他相关部门或机构协调，包括法律部门、高级管理层以及合规建 设委员会。任何与《道德准则》有关的问题或其它信息，应报合规部门或业务负责人处 理。对于报请业务负责人处理的问题或疑虑，无论解决与否，业务负责人应通知合规部 门并征求其意见。合规部门应对《道德准则》的执行情况进行定期检查，并应将检查结 果提交至合规建设委员会。  CHAPTER III  第三章  USING THE CODE OF ETHICS  本 《 道德 准则》 的应用  The Code of Ethics encapsulates our Core Values and serves as a guide to our standards and expectations. It does not replace specific policies and procedures that may cover the rules and principles of conduct summarized in this document. All employees must refer to these policies and procedures, as well as to any relevant operational rules, relevant to their responsibilities.  本 《 道德 准则》 概括了 公司 的核心价值 理念 ， 是 指导我们实现预定标准和期望 的指南。  本 《 道德 准则》 并不能 取代 电建国际 各领域的具体 政策和程序。所有员工 在遵守本 《 道  德 准则》 的同时，也必须遵守这些政策和程序以及与其工作职责有关的操作规程 。  Because no set of policies can address every possible situation, employees should use these principles to guide them in their daily activities. When facing a difficult decision, always ask yourself:  鉴于没有任何政策可以解决可能发生的所有问题 ， 员工应使用这些原则指导 他们的 日常  活动。 当难以做出决定时 ， 应 自问 ：    Am I following the law?    我是否遵守了法律？    Am I following POWERCHINA-INTL ethical, integrity, and workplace policies and procedures?    我是否遵守了电建国际的道德规范、诚信要求和工作场所政策和程序？    Am I risking my reputation or POWERCHINA- INTL’s reputation?    我是否会使我的名誉或电建国际的声誉受损？    Am I staying true to POWERCHINA- INTL’s values of  Responsibility, Innovation, Integrity and Win-Win?    我是否 践行 了 电建国际 的 责任、创新、诚信和共赢 的核心价值理念 ？  If, after asking these questions, you have any doubts or questions, ask the Compliance Department for guidance regarding any ethical or integrity concern or policy or, if that is not

Code of Ethics  道德准则  5  feasible at the time or if the question relates to a workplace concern or policy, ask your line manager.  在 自问过上述 问题后 ， 如果 您 还有任何 疑虑 或问题 ， 请向 合规部门 寻求 有关 道德或诚信  问题或政策的指导 ， 在不便联系 合规部门 或者您的问题与您的工作场所或其政策有关的  情形下，也可 以 向 您 部门 的 业务负责人寻求指导 。  I.  Leadership  一、  领导 力  Managers’ responsibilities go beyond those of other employees . They must actively promote the Code of Ethics and our Core Values in the workplace, showing commitment through their actions. Managers are directly charged with demonstrating that POWERCHINA-INTL puts ethical compliance first in everything we do. They must be vigilant in preventing, detecting, and responding to any violation and protecting employees who report violations.  管理者 的责 任远 高于其他员工。 他们 必须 身体力行， 在工作场所积极倡导 本 《 道德 准则》  和公司核心价值 理念 。 管理者对保证公司在业务活动中全面落实上述 《 道德 准则》 负有  直接责任， 必须注意防范、 及时发现并处理 任何违规行为， 并保护 举 报违规行为的员工。  II.  Guidance  and Reporting  二、  指导与汇报  Your line managers and the Compliance Department are important resources you should consult whenever you have questions about this Code of Ethics or any legal or ethical concern. Please do not hesitate to seek guidance.  如 您 对本 《 道德 准则》 或任何法律或道德问题存在疑问 ， 自身所在 部门 业务负责人 和 合  规部门 将是 您 进行 咨询的重要 渠道 ， 请随时寻求指导。  Evidence of actual or suspected violations of the Code of Ethics must be reported to the Compliance Department, or in accordance with Company policies and procedures, your line managers or other designated departments.  任何违反 或涉嫌违反本 《 道德 准则》 的证据必须 提交 给 合规部门 ， 或按照公司 相关 政策  和程序 ， 提交 给 本人所在业务部门负责人 或其他 指定 部门。  No sanction will be inflicted upon an employee who has reported an infraction in good faith. However, anyone who takes part in a prohibited activity may be subject to the resulting disciplinary measures, even if he/she is the one to report it.  不 得 对 善意举 报违规行为的员工 进行处罚 。任何参与 违禁行为 的人员，即使他 / 她是汇  报人，也可能会受到 处罚 。

Code of Ethics  道德准则  6  CHAPTER IV  第四章  CORE REQUIREMENTS  核心要求  POWERCHINA-INTL maintains  ethical  compliance  policies  and  procedures  regarding various aspects of our operations and conduct. Below we have selected a few key, core requirements and guiding principles of our compliance commitment. Employees are required to comply with these as well as any other policies or procedures that may be applicable.  电建国际在开展各项业务和从事经营行为时都坚持遵守道德合规要求和程序。 以下是这 些道德要求的核心政策和指导方针。员工应遵守这些核心政策和指导方针，并遵守其他 适用的政策或程序。  I.  Fraud and Criminal Conduct  一、欺诈和犯罪行为  Fraud, deception, or falsification of records, bidding documents, or other materials will never be tolerated in any circumstance. Theft or abuse of Company property or of a position of trust is absolutely unacceptable. Such actions directly contradict our fundamental principle of Integrity.  在任何情况下 ， 公司绝不容忍 任何欺诈、欺骗或伪造 原始 记录、 招 投标文件或其他材料  的行为。 不得 盗 窃、 滥用公司财产或 滥用职权 。 这些 行为直接违反了 公司 的基本诚信原  则。  Moreover, it is the personal responsibility of all employees to know the laws, regulations, and requirements relating to their job. Any breach of these laws or other legal or regulatory requirements  may  lead  to  civil  and  criminal  prosecution  as  well  as  damage  to POWERCHINA- INTL’s reputation . Activities which could involve POWERCHINA-INTL in any unlawful or proscribed unethical practices are, therefore, prohibited.  此外 ， 所有员工 都应了解 与 自身岗位 有关的 法律、法规和要求。 如 违反这些法律 、 法规  和 要求 ，或违反其他方面的法律、法规和要求，有 可能 被追究民事或刑事责任 ，并 损害  电建国际 的声誉。 电建国际 严禁 其 员工从事任何有可能损害本公司声誉的违法或违反道  德的行为 。  II.  Anti-Corruption  二、  反腐败  We prohibit, under all circumstances, the use of bribery and similar practices in any form and at all levels of our businesses. Employees are prohibited from offering, giving, or accepting

Code of Ethics  道德准则  7  of a bribe or kickback in any form, direct or indirect, from or to any person or party, including customers,  representatives,  contractors,  suppliers,  and  government  officials. POWERCHINA-INTL aims to ensure that its business success  remains based on our competitiveness, performance and the quality of our products, services, and technologies. We do not and will not seek success through bribery or improper influence in any form.  在任何情况下 , 公司禁止员工在业务经营活动中采用贿赂和变相贿赂手段。禁止员工通 过任何方式直接或间接向任何人或任何一方（包括客户、代表、承包商、供应商以及政 府官员）提供、给予或接受贿赂或回扣。公司坚信商业成功取决于企业竞争力、产品质 量、服务水平和技术能力，而不是通过贿赂或任何形式的不当影响获得。  Employees must not offer, promise, or give money, services, gifts, or other items of value  (including  hospitality)  in  order  to  obtain  or  retain  business  or  otherwise  benefit  POWERCHINA - INTL; and must not receive money, services, gifts, or other items of va lue  (including hospitality) for having given Company business to an individual or organization.  员工不得提供、承诺或给予金钱、服务、 礼品 或其他有价物品 （ 包括 招待 ） 以获得或 维  持 业务或使 电建国际 受益 ； 也不得 因 将公司业务 授予某 个人或 机构 而收 受 金钱、服务、  礼品 或其他有价物品 （ 包括 招待 ） 。  In some cultures, good business relations may sometimes involve the exchange of symbolic gifts and hospitality. If the ultimate goal is to improperly influence business decisions, however, employees may not give, offer, or accept such gifts or hospitality or any other form of special treatment from anyone involved in business dealings with POWERCHINA-INTL.  在 某些 文化 中 ， 良好的商业关系有时涉及 到象征性地 交换 礼品 和 招待 。 但是 ，如果 交换  礼品 或 招待 的 最终目 的旨在不正当地 影响商业决策， 则公司 员工不得向任何 业务相关 人  提供此类 礼品 或 招待 或任何形式的特殊待遇 ， 也不得 接受此类 礼品 或 招待 或任何形式的  特殊待遇。  For more detailed information and guidance regarding your responsibilities and obligations in  this area please see the POWERCHINA - INTL  Anti - Corruption Policy .  关于您在本 领域的责任和义务的更详细信息和指导，请参见 电建国际 《反腐败政策》 。  III.  Dealings with Business Partners  三、  与 业务 合作 伙伴 的 关系  Our commitment to ethics extends to our dealings with business partners, and we expect that our business partners will adhere to our values and ethical principles. We shall seek to ensure that improper payments are not being channeled through intermediaries including joint venture partners, consultants, agents or other representatives, suppliers, and subcontractors.  我们在与业务合作伙伴的往来中信守道德， 也希望业务合作伙伴遵守我们的道德理念和 准则。我们绝不通过中间人进行不正当支付，这里所说的中间人包括联营体伙伴、咨询 顾问、代理或其他代表、供应商和分包商。

Code of Ethics  道德准则  8    Customers: POWERCHINA-INTL must treat all of its customers honestly and fairly. Employees who negotiate contracts must ensure that any statements, communications, and presentations made to customers are accurate and truthful. We will not mislead our current or future customers to win their business.  Customers’ confidential, sensitive, or private information may never be disclosed  by any employee to any person except as is required or permitted within a project or contract or under applicable law.    客户 ： 电建国际 诚实、公平 地 对待所有客户。 代表本公司进行 合同谈判的员  工 应 确保 其向 客户 做出 的任何 说明 、 意见 和 陈述 准确 、 真实 ， 不 得 为赢得业  务而 欺骗 现有 或未来客户。任何员工不得将客户的机密、敏感或私人信息 披  露给 他 人， 为履行项目或合同或根据有关法律 予以 披露的情况除外 。    Subcontractors and Suppliers: The purchase of goods and services must be based on the merits of price, quality, performance, delivery, and suitability. Bribery and kickbacks  in  all  forms,  and  conflicts  of  interest,  between  or  among POWERCHINA-INTL and its subcontractors and suppliers, are strictly prohibited. POWERCHINA-INTL requires its suppliers and subcontractors to strictly comply with all applicable legal requirements related to their activities.    分包商和供应商 ： 货物或服务采购 必须 以 价格、质量、性能、交 货 和适用性  方面 的优 势为 考评 依据 。严禁各种形式的贿赂和回扣 ，严禁 电建国际 与 分包  商和供应商之间 存在任何 利 益冲突。 电建国际 要求其供应商和分包商严格遵  守 与其业务 活动 有 关的 法律法规 。    Representatives:  The  use  of  agents,  consultants,  and  any  other  third  party representatives who act on POWERCHINA- INTL’s behalf or for our benefit  presents a potentially serious legal and integrity compliance risk that must be properly controlled. Any representative acting on POWERCHINA- INTL’s behalf  is  required  to  comply  with  all  applicable  laws  and  regulations  and  with POWERCHINA- INTL’s ethical and integrity commitments, in the same manner  as POWERCHINA-INTL in accordance with this Code of Ethics. Improper payments, fraudulent practices, and other criminal, improper, or unethical conduct cannot be conducted through the use of representatives in any situation; and employees with any knowledge or suspicion of such conduct by a representative must report the matter immediately to the Compliance Department and as may otherwise be prov ided in the Company’s policies and procedures.    代表 ： 对于聘用的代理、咨询顾问或代表 电建国际 或为 电建国际 的利益开展  工作的任何其他第三方 存在潜在的严重法律和诚信合规风险 时 ， 必须 以恰当  的方式加以 控制。任何 以 电建国际 名义开展工作 的代表 均应 遵守有 关 法律法  规 和 电建国际 的 道德和诚信 要求 。任何情况下，均不得通过 聘用 代表 发生 不  正当 的金钱往来 、欺诈行为以及其 它任何 犯罪、不正当或不道德行为； 如 员  工 发现 或怀疑代表 有上述 行为， 应立即向 合规部门 报告。本公司政策和程序  另有规定的，也可从其规定执行 。    Government  Officials:  Contracts  with  government-owned  or  public  entities

Code of Ethics  道德准则  9  require legal and integrity compliance with very high standards and must be conducted with the highest business ethics. Special care should be used when dealing with state-owned or public entities or when seeking government approvals, licenses, permits, or similar approvals. In order to prevent conflicts of interest, special care also must be given to the hiring of a former or current government employee, which will only be permitted in accordance with Company policy, procedures, and approval requirements.  政府官员：与国有或公共实体建立合同关系时必须严格遵守法律和诚信合规要求，并采 用最高的商业道德标准。在与国有或公共实体开展业务或取得政府部门的批准、执照、 许可或类似批准时，应特别谨慎。为防止发生利益冲突，在聘用前任或现任政府员工时 也应特别谨慎，只有符合公司政策和程序并经批准的情况下方可聘用。  For more detailed information and guidance regarding your responsibilities and obligations in  this  area  please  see  the  POWERCHINA - INTL  Anti - Corruption  Policy  and  the  POWERCHINA - INTL  Representative Due Diligence Guide .  关于您在 本 领域的责任和义务的更详细信息和指导，请参见 电建国际 《 反腐败政策 》 和  电建国际 《代表尽职调查指南》 。  IV.  Conflicts of Interest  四、  利益冲突  A conflict of interest is a situation in which POWERCHINA- INTL’s interests differ from the  personal interests of an employee or with those of family members of such employee, or of persons with whom we are involved in a business relationship (including representatives). Conflicts of interest distort judgment and generally are improper. All employees must avoid any situation that involves or may involve a conflict of interest.  利益冲突 是 指 电建国际 的利益与员工个人 利益 或 其 家庭成员 个人利益发生冲突， 或 电建  国际 的利益与特定业务关系人（包括其代表）个人利益发生冲突的情形 。利益冲突 有可  能妨碍正常判断 ， 因此往往被视为不正当因素 。所有员工 应 避免涉及或可能 涉及 利益冲  突的情况。  Business decisions and actions must be based solely on the best interests of the Company, and must not be motivated by personal considerations or relationships. Relationships with prospective  or  existing  suppliers,  subcontractors,  representatives,  contract  employees,  customers, competitors, or regulators must not affect one’s independent and sound judgment  on behalf of the Company. No employee shall engage in any business or other activity, whether in an employed, self-employed, personal or unpaid capacity, which may give rise to a conflict with the Company's interests.  商业决策或举措必须以公司利益最大化为唯一行事原则， 不得考虑个人因素或个人关系。 与潜在或现有供应商、分包商、代表、合同员工、客户、竞争对手或监管部门的关系不 得影响当事人代表本公司做出的独立、正确的判断。公司员工不得以任何身份（包括以

Code of Ethics  道德准则  10  员工、个体户、个人的身份或私自）从事任何可能导致与公司利益发生冲突的业务或其 他活动。  V.  Fair Competition  五、  公平竞争  Employees are prohibited from participating in any agreement with our competitors that have improper intent or effect of fixing prices, distorting a bidding process, dividing a market, or limiting production. Employees must not exchange sensitive information with competitors in infringement of competition or anti-trust laws. Generally speaking, competition laws forbid agreements or activities that restrain trade or limit competition, and prohibit attempts to monopolize.  POWERCHINA-INTL  is  committed  to  vigorous  but  fair  competition  in compliance with all applicable laws and in keeping with recognized international standards.  禁止员工 与 有 不正当意图 的竞争对手达成任何有关定价、干涉招投标程序 、划分市场或  限制生产 的 协议。员工不得 违反 反 不正当竞争法或反垄断法 与竞争对手交换敏感信息。  一般 来 说， 反 不正当 竞争法禁止 旨在 限制 贸 易或竞争的协议或活动，禁止 企图 垄断 市场  的行为 。 电建国际 将在符合有关法律和公认国际标准的前提下追求 激烈而公平的竞争。  Rules in this area differ from one country to another and may require specific legal expertise, and international and private financial institutions have their own requirements in this area. Employees should consult the Compliance Department for clarification as necessary.  竞争规则因所在国家的不同而有所不同，了解这些竞争规则需要专业法律知识 ， 国际和  私人金融机构在 竞争领域也 有自 身 的 规定 。 公司员工 若 需了解该方面内容，可向 合规部  门 咨询 。  For more detailed information and guidance regarding your responsibilities and obligations in  this area please see the POWERCHINA - INTL  Bidding Compliance Policy .  关于您在 本 领域的责任和义务的更详细信息和指导， 请参见 电建国际 《 投标合规 政策 》 。  VI.  Coercion and Extortion  六、  胁迫与敲诈勒索  We expressly prohibit employees from impairing or harming, or threatening to impair or harm any individual or company, either physically or financially, in order to improperly influence the actions of that individual or company.  公司 严 禁员工 为 达到 不当影响 的目的 而对任何个人或公司施以人身或财务 方面的 损害  或危害，也严禁 该类 威胁行为 。  VII.  Confidentiality  七、  保密 要求

Code of Ethics  道德准则  11  Each employee is required to keep confidential and not to disclose or use any confidential information belonging to the Company, or belonging to a third party which has been received by the Company pursuant to a confidentiality agreement, or which has been received by the Company  in  circumstances  where  it  is  clear  that  the  information  is  proprietary  and confidential.  每 位 员工 都应对本公司的 机密 信息 保密 ， 对本公司依照保密协议从第三方取得的信息保  密， 对本公司取得的具有保密性或专有性的信息保密， 且 不得擅自披露或使用这些信息 。  Examples of confidential information include, but are not limited to, results, forecasts, and other  financial  data,  human  resources  and  personal  data,  information  with  respect  to acquisitions and divestitures, new products and orders. Examples of proprietary information include,  but  are  not  limited  to,  business  strategies,  product  improvements,  technical information, systems, inventions, trade secrets, or know-how developed or acquired by POWERCHINA-INTL. This definition includes matters covered by secrecy agreements.  保密信 息包括但不限于 财务报表 、 财务 预测和其他财务资料、人力资源和个人 信息 、有  关 并购或撤回投资方面 的信息、新产品和订单。专有信息包括但不限于 电建国际 开发或  取 得的 经营 战略 、产品改进、技术 资料 、 制度 、发明 创造 、商业 秘 密或 专有技术 。 本 定  义包括 保 密协议涵盖的事项。  Employees who may have access to confidential and proprietary data, including information on  customers  and  suppliers,  must  only  be  those  whose  function  and  responsibilities specifically include the handling, use, and communication of such data, and such data must never be improperly disclosed (either within the Company or to a third party) or misused.  只有负责处理、使用和传递保密性专有信息 （ 包括 有关 客户和供应商 的信息 ） 的员工 才  能接触到这些信息 ， 这些员工 不得不当披露 （ 包括不得 在公司内部 披露，也不得 向 第三  方 披露 ） 或滥用 相关信息 。  VI I I.  Internal Controls  八、  内部控制  Our books and records must always be truthful and complete, and prepared with the utmost accuracy and integrity. Books and records, including expense reports, time sheets, invoices, and accounting documents must be supported by sufficient documentation so as to provide a full and auditable record of the transaction.  公司的账簿与记录必须真实、完整 ，且应最大程度地保证其准确性和完整性 。包括费用  报告、 工 时表、发票和会计凭证 在内的账簿与记录， 必须 随附充分 的文件 资料 ，以便提  供完整的、可审计的交易记录。  Employees who maintain or submit false documentation or who maintain off-books accounts  or other means of avoiding or subverting the Company’s internal controls will be subject to  severe sanctions.

Code of Ethics  道德准则  12  制作或提交虚假文件资料、 进行账外登记或以其他方式逃避公司内部控制的员工将受到 严厉处罚。  I X .  Health, Safety and  the Environment  九、  健康、安全与环境  We are committed to the health and safety of our employees and any other person who may be affected by our operations. We all have a responsibility to prevent injury, ill health, damage and loss arising from our operations as well as to comply with all regulatory or other legal requirements pertaining to safety, health, and environment.  公司致力于 保护 员工和 本公司业务涉及的其他 人员的健康与安全。 每位员工都 有责任 预  防由公司业务 引起 的 人身伤亡 、 疾病 、 损害和损失， 并遵守所有安全、 健康和环境法规。  Employees are responsible for reporting any hazardous situations they may witness, or any incidents indicating such risks, and for helping to implement preventive measures. Safety guidelines issued or applied by POWERCHINA-INTL must be strictly adhered to.  员工 发现危险情况或意识到有可能发生危险时，有责任立即向有关人员报告，并协助采  取预防措施 。 所有员工 必须 严格 遵守 公司 发布或实施的安全 守则 。  We are also committed to limiting the impact of our business activities on the environment. We continue to take steps to preserve biodiversity and affected ecosystems, protect World Heritage areas, and to restore any disturbed areas in a timely manner. We expect all employees to consider and respect the environment while performing their duties.  公司 还 致力于 减少自身业务 活动对环境 的 影响。公司 持续 采取措施，保护生物多样性和  生态系统，保护世界遗产区 域 ，及时恢复 受 到破坏的区域 。公司期望所有员工在履行职  责时 注重保护 环境。  Any questions or concerns regarding this Code of Ethics can be directed to the Compliance Department.  有关本 《 道德 准则》 的任何问题或疑虑 ， 请咨询 合规部门 。  If you would like to report a suspected violation of the Code of Ethics please feel free to contact your line manager or a member of the Compliance Department directly. You may also send an email to compliance@powerchina-intl.com. If you would like to report anonymously, please call 010-58382629.  如您想举报涉嫌 违反 本 《 道德 准则》 的行为 ， 请与您 所在业务部门负责人 或 合规部门 的  员工联系。您也可以发送电子邮件至  compliance@powerchina - intl .com 。如 需 匿名举报，  请致电  010 - 58382629 。


</Construction_China_POWERCHINA_2018.pdf>