This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Construction_China_Zhejiang Huayou Cobalt_2023.pdf>

Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited  Business  Ethics  Code  of  Conduct  1.  Introduction  2.  Approval ,  Revision  and  Exemption  3.  Immediate  Report  and  Anti - Revenge  4 .  Conflict  of  Interests  5 .  Abidance  by  Law  6 .  Accurate  Accounts  and  Records  7 .  Use  and  Protection  of  Huayou ’ s  Assets  8 .  Other  Criteria

Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited  1 .  Introduction  This  code  is  formulated  by  the  Company  in  order  to  make  all  employees ,  managers  and  Board  members  of  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Co .,  Ltd .  and  its  subsidiaries  understand  the  commercial  behavior  criteria  of  the  Company ,  and  help  all  employees  solve  the  problems  related  to  ethics  which  may  occur  at  work .  This  code  is  unable  to  cover  all  ethical  situations  or  problems  we  may  confront  at  work .  The  Company  encourages  all  employees  to  seek  for  guidance  for  any  ethical  or  legal  issue .  If  you  have  any  question  on  the  handling  method  or  response  to  certain  situation ,  you  can  discuss  it  with  your  superior  leader .  If  you  are  inconvenient  to  discuss  with  your  own  superior  leader ,  the  Company  also  provides  other  channels  for  you  to  express  your  concern .  This  code  will  be  implemented  according  to  the  laws  of  the  country  where  the  business  entity  of  the  Company  locates .  Each  business  entity  can  formulate  and  implement  the  “ local  rules ”  according  to  the  actual  situations ,  such  as  the  local  policies ,  regulations ,  employee  manual ,  code  or  memorandum  satisfying  the  demands  of  specific  functional  department  or  place .  In  case  this  code  conflicts  with  any  local  rule ,  policy  or  criterion ,  this  code  shall  prevail .  All  serving  employees  shall  participate  in  the  training  on  this  code .  All  new  recruits  shall  receive  the  training  on  this  code  in  their  induction  training ,  and  have  their  training  records  retained  by  the  Management  Department .  The  Company  will  timely  revise  this  code  according  to  the  actual  situations ,  so  as  to  make  it  more  suitable  for  the  actual  situations  of  the  Company .  If  any  provision  in  this  code  conflicts  with  mandatory  provisions  of  related  laws  and  regulations  and  religions ,  such  mandatory  provisions  shall  prevail .

Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited  2  .  Approval ,  Revision  and  Exemption  For  the  fields  for  which  this  code  requires  the  employee  to  obtain  written  permission  before  taking  any  action ,  the  employee  shall  firstly  obtain  the  approval  of  the  direct  superior  leader .  The  superior  leader  of  the  applicant  shall  help  to  determine  which  further  approvals  are  required  and  whether  they  conform  to  this  code  and  the  policies  and  regulations  of  the  Company .  The  Company  can  revise  or  exempt  the  implementation  of  any  clause  of  this  code ,  if  appropriate .  The  Company  shall  disclose  any  exemption  approved  by  the  director  and  senior  officer  in  the  extent  and  manner  required  by  laws ,  regulations  or  security  transaction  &  listing  standards .  The  exemption  of  any  clause  of  this  code  related  to  any  other  employee  must  obtain  the  prior  written  approval  of  the  superior  leader  of  such  employee  and  the  President ,  who  will  consider  such  request  through  consulting  with  the  senior  officer  and  Legal  Department .

Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited  3  .  Immediate  Report  and  Anti - Revenge  3 .  1  General  provisions  The  Company  requires  all  employees  to  be  able  to  timely  report  suspected  violations .  It  is  the  responsibility  of  any  employee  for  immediately  reporting  any  behavior  which  such  employee  realizes  and  considers  as  violating  this  code ,  the  Company ’  s  policy  or  laws  and  regulations .  The  employee  shall  not  deliberately  make  a  false  report  on  violation  for  whatever  reason .  3.2  Reporting  approach  3 .2.  1  Reflect  the  circumstance  to  your  own  superior  leader .  3  . 2 . 2  If  it  is  inconvenient  to  report  the  violation  to  the  superior  leader  (  or  your  superior  leader  may  involve  in  any  violation ),  report  to  the  Social  Responsibility  Office  or  director  of  Enterprise  Management  Department .  3  .2 . 3  Use  the  Company ’  s  ethics  hotline  or  csr @  huayou .  com  to  report  suspected  violating  behavior  anonymously .  All  reports  will  be  periodically  submitted  to  the  Company  for  handling .  3 .3  Report  handling  The  receiver  shall  submit  the  reports  and  their  handling  conditions  to  the  Social  Responsibility  Office  monthly .  3.4  Anti - revenge  Attacking  or  revenging  the  whistleblower  by  any  means  is  strictly  prohibited  by  the  Company .  If  the  whistleblower  thinks  that  he  might  be  revenged ,  he  shall  contact  the  Social  Responsibility  Office  of  the  Company .

4 .  Conflict  of  Interests  4 .  1  Gift ,  entertainment ,  and  kickback  Gift  and  entertainment  are  generally  to  show  the  friendly  business  relations ,  but  they  will  influence  the  independent  business  judgment  of  the  decision  maker ,  thus  requiring  cautious  treatment .  4 .  1.  1  In  no  case  can  kickback  be  given  or  accepted  by  any  means .  4.  1.2  All  employees  and  their  family  members  shall  not  offer  or  accept  inappropriate  gifts  ( gifts  include  not  only  material  things ,  but  also  services ,  concession  and  discount )  and  commercial  entertainment  for  business  reason ,  unless  such  gifts  and  commercial  entertainment  :  Are  the  gifts ,  food  and  entertainment  meeting  the  local  business  practice ;  Do  not  have  substantive  value  in  relative  to  the  income  of  receiver ;  Will  not  violate  the  policy  of  the  receiver ’ s  company  or  the  applicable  laws .  4 .  1.3  Regardless  of  the  value ,  no  employee  shall  accept  cash  or  cash  gift ;  4  .  1.4  Normal  entertainment  conforming  to  the  business  practice  can  be  accepted  or  provided  to  the  others ,  such  as  feast ,  but  the  expense  must  be  reasonable ,  must  be  of  no  substantive  value  in  relative  to  the  income  of  receiver ,  and  must  not  be  prohibited  by  laws  or  the  known  business  practice  of  the  customer  or  the  supplier .  4 .  1 . 5  Before  providing  any  gift ,  it  shall  be  guaranteed  that  such  behavior  will  not  violate  any  policy  of  the  receiver ’  s  company  or  the  applicable  laws .  If  more  information  in  this  respect  needs  to  be  known ,  please  refer  to  the  Management  Measuresfor  Employees  Receiving  Cash  and  Gifts  of  the  Company .  4.2  Take  office  in  the  Board  of  Directors  of  other  company  If  an  employee  takes  office  in  the  Board  of  Directors  of  other  company ,  he  shall  undertake  the  fiduciary  responsibility  for  that  company ,  and  such  responsibility  may  Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited

Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited  require  this  employee  to  put  the  interests  of  that  company  above  the  interests  of  Huayou .  In  order  to  help  such  employee  avoid  commercial  relation  that  may  cause  conflicting  interests ,  the  Company  requires  such  employee  to  obtain  written  approval  before  taking  office  in  the  Board  of  Directors  of  our  current  or  potential  supplier ,  customer  or  competitor .  4 .3  Take  office  and  provide  consultation  in  other  company  An  employee  taking  office  in  the  supplier ,  customer  or  competitor  of  the  Company ,  or  providing  consultation  for  such  company  will  cause  conflict  of  interest .  Such  employee  must  obtain  written  permission  before  starting  such  office -  holding  or  consultation  which  may  cause  conflict  of  interest .  4. 4  External  commercial  interests  and  investments  4  . 4.  1  It  is  prohibited  to  hold  a  large  number  of  shares  of  the  Company ’ s  competitor ,  supplier  or  customer  company ,  or  make  other  investment  in  the  Company ’ s  competitor ,  supplier  or  customer  company  ( excluding  the  investment  in  secondary  securities  market );  4  .4.2  It  is  prohibited  to  sell  or  lease  the  properties  or  assets ,  to  which  the  employee  holds  a  majority  of  rights  and  interests ,  to  the  Company ;  4  .4.3  If  an  employee  owns  financial  interests  in  or  invests  in  the  external  enterprise ,  and  such  financial  interests  or  investments  will  cause  conflict  of  interest  to  the  completion  of  the  responsibilities  for  the  Company ,  the  employee  shall  obtain  the  prior  written  permission .  4  .5  Family  members  and  personal  intimate  relation  4  .5.  1  If  the  family  member  or  friend  of  an  employee  holds  senior  management  position  or  financial  interests  in  another  company  which  hopes  to  do  business  with  our  Company ,  such  employee  will  suffer  potential  conflict  of  interest ,  because  such  employee  will  be  difficult  to  maintain  objective  and  fair  when  participating  in  or

Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited  promoting  the  businesses  between  the  employee ’  s  family  member  or  friend  and  the  Company .  Even  if  such  employee  is  prudent  enough  to  maintain  objective ,  other  people  will  still  think  such  employee  is  biased .  4  .5 . 2  If  it  is  unavoidable  to  do  business  with  an  employee ’  s  family  member  or  friend ,  such  employee  must  break  himself  away  from  any  decision -  making  position  related  to  this  business ,  and  fully  inform  the  employee ’  s  superior  leader  of  the  nature  of  relation  between  the  employee  and  such  family  member  or  friend ;  the  superior  leader  will  decide  the  handling  method .  4  . 5 . 3  Even  if  the  employee  is  not  the  decision  maker ,  the  employee  is  not  allowed  to  impose  influence  on  related  situation ,  even  to  appear  as  having  an  influence  on  the  related  situation .  It  is  important  to  guarantee  that  the  employee  does  not  provide  any  preferential  treatment  to  his  friend  or  family  member  when  doing  the  business .  4 . 5 . 4  If  the  circumstance  involves  in  block  trade  which  is  important  to  Huayou ,  a  prior  written  approval  provided  by  the  Audit  Committee  of  Huayou  may  be  required .  4  . 5 . 5  If  the  employee  and  the  superior  leader  have  family  relation ,  or  have  other  personal  intimate  relationship  outside  the  office ,  the  personnel  decision  may  become  very  complicated .  If  the  employee  and  his  family  member  or  other  person  to  which  he  has  personal  intimate  relationship  have  direct  or  indirect  reporting  relationship  in  Huayou ,  conflict  of  interest  may  occur .  The  employee  shall  avoid  any  vertical  reporting  relationship  with  his  family  member  or  other  person  to  which  he  has  personal  intimate  relationship .  The  employee  shall  inform  the  Human  Resources  Department  of  any  such  relationship .  4 .6  Guidance  for  avoiding  conflict  Although  it  is  difficult  to  list  all  circumstances  under  which  conflict  of  interest  may  occur ,  this  code  provides  the  guidance  for  avoiding  actual  or  potential  conflict  of  interest  under  some  circumstances .  If  you  have  any  question  on  certain  circumstance ,  please  consult  your  superior  leader .

Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited  4.6.  1  If  certain  conflict  exists  between  the  interests  of  the  employee  and  the  interests  of  the  Company ,  the  employee  shall  pay  full  attention  to  the  business  of  the  Company .  4 .6.2  The  Company  prohibits  the  employees  from  participating  in  any  activity  affecting  the  work  efficiency  (  except  for  public  benefit  activities  organized  by  the  Company )  or  conflicting  with  or  damaging  the  interests  of  the  Company .  4  .6.3  When  participating  in  the  external  activity  irrelevant  to  Huayou ,  the  employee  shall :  Not  involve  in  conflict  of  interest ;  Not  interfere  the  job  responsibility ;  Not  use  the  influence ,  resource  or  facility  of  Huayou ;  Not  influence  the  reputation  of  Huayou .  4  .6.4  The  employee  can  also  refer  to  the  Regulations  on  Prohibiting  Business  Cooperation  with  Companies  Having  Family  or  Friend  Relationship  or  Commercial  Interest  Relationship  with  the  Leader  ofthe  Company .

Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited  5 .  Abidance  by  Law  We  must  abide  by  the  laws  of  the  country  where  we  work  and  operate ,  and  we  shall  all  understand  the  laws  generally  applicable  to  us .  Due  to  the  nature  and  scope  of  our  business ,  it  is  unpractical  for  this  code  to  include  all  requirements  which  may  be  applicable  to  each  functional  department  and  place  of  our  company .  This  code  only  summarizes  a  part  of  these  legal  requirements ,  while  the  other  parts  are  described  in  the  local  rules ;  these  materials  can  be  consulted  from  your  local  enterprise  management  department .  In  addition ,  the  employee  must  participate  in  the  training  on  the  subjects  applicable  to  the  employee  provided  by  the  Company .  Our  policy  is  to  periodically  audit  the  applicable  laws  and  regulations ,  so  as  to  adjust  our  businesses  according  to  the  changes  in  legal  requirements .  5.  1  Anti - monopoly  and  competition  laws  Most  countries  have  issued  anti -  monopoly  or  competition  laws  aiming  at  promoting  and  protecting  free  and  fair  competition .  We  must  abide  by  these  laws .  Anti -  monopoly  and  competition  laws  generally  cover  comprehensive  commercial  practices ,  including :  Exchange  or  arrangement  between  competitors ,  which  is  generally  related  to  pricing  or  sales  terms ;  Participating  in  trade  association  or  standard  establishment  organization ;  Merger  and  acquisition ,  joint  venture  enterprise  or  other  cooperation ;  Boycott  and  distribution  of  customer ,  product  or  region ;  Exclusive  trading  arrangement ;  Certain  restrictions  on  the  supplier  or  customer ,  or  tying  arrangement  with  the  supplier  or  customer ,  and  many  other  practices .  If  the  employee  has  any  question  on  our  policy ,  please  consult  the  Legal

Administration  Department  of  the  Company .  5 .2  Advertisement  Our  integrity  reputation  partially  derives  from  our  sincerity  which  we  always  maintain  in  the  business  publicity  activities .  In  this  respect ,  we  must  avoid  making  false  statement  in  any  advertisement  or  publicity  of  the  Company  and  its  product  or  service .  5.3  Employment  and  labor  laws  We  are  committed  to  providing  a  healthy  and  safe  working  environment  for  the  employees .  Our  policy  is  that  all  jobs  shall  meet  all  applicable  employment  and  labor  laws  and  regulations ,  including :  Abide  by  all  anti - discrimination  requirements ;  Create  a  good  working  environment  where  every  employee  will  not  be  subject  to  body ,  sexual ,  mental ,  verbal  or  visual  harassment  or  abuse ;  Abide  by  all  applicable  restrictions  on  the  statutory  longest  working  hours  of  the  employees ;  At  least  pay  the  minimum  wage  required  by  the  local  law  and  provide  all  statutory  welfares  to  the  employees ;  Make  sure  not  to  use  any  forced  labor ,  contractual  labor  or  debt - paying  labor ;  Abide  by  the  minimum  age  limit  for  employment  required  by  local  law ;  Implement  a  health  and  safety  plan  consistent  with  the  best  practice  for  our  organization  type ,  so  as  to  minimize  the  quantity  of  occupational  injury  and  disease .  5.4  Data  privacy  We  respect  the  privacy  interests  of  all  employees  and  interested  parties  in  respect  of  personal  information .  We  are  committed  to  taking  appropriate  measures  to  protect  the  Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited

Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited  personal  information  of  the  employees  from  being  obtained  in  an  unauthorized  manner ,  and  guarantee  such  information  will  only  be  used  for  legitimate  business  purpose .  When  collecting ,  using  and  processing  the  personal  information ,  our  policy  is  to  responsibly  process  such  information  according  to  the  applicable  laws .  We  require  all  employees  to  abide  by  the  Confidentiality  Management  Method  of  the  Company .  5.5  Environmental  laws  Huayou  is  committed  to  abiding  by  all  applicable  environmental  laws  and  regulations .  Through  applying  appropriate  management  practice  and  technology ,  we  will  spare  no  effort  to  provide  safe  and  healthy  working  space ,  protect  environment ,  save  energy  and  natural  resources ,  and  prevent  pollution .  5  . 5 .  1  Our  operation  shall  abide  by  numerous  supervision  requirements  related  to  the  use ,  storage ,  discharge ,  processing  and  treatment  of  dangerous  chemicals  used  in  manufacturing  processes .  5 .5.2  We  must  also  abide  by  certain  regulations  on  dangerous  substances  contents .  5.5 .3  We  will  continuously  monitor  the  situations  of  the  abidance  by  these  laws ,  so  as  to  maintain  the  status  of  a  responsible  corporate  citizenship  in  the  operation  place .  5. 5 . 4  In  addition ,  we  will  periodically  review  our  practice  and  regulations ,  so  as  to  cope  with  the  ever -  changing  situations  and  continuously  improve  our  performance .  5 .6  Intellectual  properties  5  .6.  1  Intellectual  properties  include  patents ,  trademark ,  copyright ,  trade  secret ,  and  other  intangible  assets  created  by  the  brainwork  of  the  creator .  The  intellectual  property  owners  generally  spend  plenty  of  time  and  money  to  create ,  perfect  and  advocate  the  intellectual  property  rights ,  so  that  they  usually  consider  these  rights  as  precious  assets .  5  .6 . 2  The  intellectual  properties  can  be  manifested  as  many  forms .  The  intellectual

Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited  properties  include :  oral  explanation  of  the  Company ’  s  product  development  plan ;  list  of  customers  or  employees ;  proprietary  design ;  information  disclosed  during  the  new  product  demonstration ;  software  source  code ,  etc .  Huayou ,  as  well  as  our  customers ,  suppliers  and  other  third  parties  conducting  business  with  us  all  make  heavy  investment  in  the  intellectual  properties .  We  respect  the  intellectual  properties  of  any  third  party .  All  of  us  shall  have  a  basic  understanding  on  the  intellectual  property  laws  applicable  to  our  work .  5  . 6.3  In  addition ,  we  must  observe  the  restrictions  on  the  use  of  intellectual  property ,  which  may  be  included  in  the  contract  signed  with  any  third  party .  Unauthorized  use  or  disclosure  of  other  party ’  s  intellectual  property  may  cause  us  to  undertake  huge  responsibility .  Infringing  the  intellectual  property  of  a  third  party  will  also  seriously  damage  our  reputation  and  the  relation  with  such  third  party .  Stealing  or  illegal  use  of  the  intellectual  property ,  proprietary  information  or  confidential  information  of  any  person  ( including  our  supplier ,  customer ,  business  partner  or  competitor )  will  violate  this  code .  5 . 6 . 4  If  the  employee  masters  any  confidential  or  proprietary  information  of  the  former  employer ,  the  employee  shall  be  responsible  for  protecting  such  information ,  even  if  the  employee  does  not  work  for  such  former  employer  any  more .  The  employee  shall  not  disclose  any  information  which  may  be  deemed  as  the  business  secret  of  the  former  employer  to  Huayou .  If  the  employee  has  any  question  or  concern  on  the  intellectual  property ,  please  consult  the  Legal  Administration  Department  of  the  Company .  5 .7  Software  We  will  use  the  software  developed  by  other  company  in  our  business .  Unless  we  obtain  the  authorization  under  applicable  software  license  agreement ,  we  will  not  copy ,  resell  or  transfer  the  software  developed  by  other  company .  Using  the  software  without  authorization  may  violate  our  software  use  agreement .  Unauthorized  use  of

Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited  software  may  also  constitute  copyright  infringement ,  which  may  cause  Huayou  and  the  employee  involved  in  such  behavior  undertake  potential  civil  and  criminal  liabilities .  The  Information  Management  Department  will  periodically  inspect  our  computers  to  check  whether  only  authorized  and  permitted  software  are  installed .  The  Information  Management  Department  will  delete  any  unlicensed  or  unsupported  software  installed  by  the  employee ,  unless  the  employee  has  bought  the  license .  5.8  Confidential  information  5  . 8 .  1  Confidential  information  refers  to  the  information  disclosed  and  required  to  be  confidential  by  Huayou  or  its  customer ,  supplier  or  other  third  party ,  which  shall  only  be  used  for  specific  commercial  purposes .  The  confidential  information  can  be  disclosed  by  PowerPoint ,  e -  mail  or  other  media .  It  may  be  marked  as  “  Confidential ”  ,  and  may  bear  no  such  mark .  5.8.2  The  confidential  information  includes  creativity ,  design ,  engineering  and  manufacturing  process ,  drawing ,  formula ,  program ,  business  and  strategic  planning ,  pricing  data ,  financial  information ,  employee  records ,  list  of  customers  or  suppliers ,  business  secret ,  invention ,  and  patent ,  etc .  5.8.3  The  confidential  information  is  a  precious  property .  As  a  condition  for  working  in  Huayou ,  we  must  protect  the  confidential  information  of  Huayou  and  its  customer ,  supplier  and  other  party  doing  business  with  us .  5  .8 . 4  Improper  disclosure  of  confidential  information  includes  the  disclosure  through  internet  website ,  chat  room  and  message  board .  5  .9  Responsibility  specified  by  security - related  laws  We  are  committed  to  providing  timely ,  transparent ,  consistent  and  credible  information  for  the  public  investors  according  to  security -  related  laws .  5 .  10  External  communication  and  the  Company ’ s  spokesman  In  order  to  guarantee  the  abidance  by  security - related  laws ,  we  strictly  restrict

which  personnel  can  disclose  information  to  the  media  or  financial  analyst  group .  We  have  appointed  the  official  spokesman  of  the  Company .  Unless  an  employee  is  appointed  as  the  spokesman  of  the  Company ,  he  shall  not  discuss  or  share  the  information  related  to  Huayou  with  news  media  of  any  form ,  journalist  or  any  member  of  financial  analyst  group .  These  rules  apply  to  all  exchanges  (  whether  in  written  or  oral ,  formal  or  informal ,  and  cover  the  exchanges  related  to  Huayou  or  its  customer ,  supplier  or  other  cooperative  partner ) .  Without  the  prior  express  written  permission  of  the  Company ,  no  journalist  or  any  member  of  financial  analyst  group  is  allowed  to  visit  any  facility  of  the  Company .  The  employee  shall  transfer  any  inquiry  directly  or  indirectly  received  from  any  news  media  or  member  of  financial  analyst  group  to  the  appropriate  Huayou  spokesman .  5 .  11  Abidance  by  the  regulations  on  fair  information  disclosure  We  are  committed  to  abiding  by  the  regulations  on  fair  information  disclosure .  The  regulations  on  fair  information  disclosure  prohibit  the  selective  disclosure  of  important  nonpublic  information  to  any  securities  holder  or  any  member  of  financial  analyst  group .  The  regulations  on  fair  information  disclosure  require  that ,  as  long  as  Huayou  or  any  person  acting  on  its  behalf  discloses  important  nonpublic  information  to  any  securities  holder  or  any  member  of  financial  analyst  group ,  we  shall  immediately  disclose  such  information  in  public .  If  an  employee  has  any  question  on  the  abidance  by  the  regulations  on  fair  information  disclosure ,  or  the  employee  knows  and  thinks  that  any  information  disclosure  may  violate  this  policy ,  please  contact  the  Security  Management  Department .  5.  12  Prohibition  of  “ insider ”  trading  The  insider  trading  law  restricts  any  person  holding  important  nonpublic  information  from  engaging  in  securities  trading  and  other  activities .  If  we  know  important  nonpublic  information  related  to  Huayou  (  e .  g .  financial  results ,  customer  trading  or  acquisition ,  sale  or  reorganization ,  or  other  relevant  major  company  events ) ,  we  shall  not  engage  in  the  securities  trading  of  Huayou .  Furthermore ,  we  shall  not  Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited

disclose  or  “  prompt ”  important  nonpublic  information  to  any  person  who  may  engage  in  the  securities  trading  of  Huayou  (  or  any  other  listed  securities ) .  Similarly ,  we  shall  not  arrange  any  other  person  to  trade  the  securities  of  Huayou  (  or  any  other  listed  securities )  based  on  the  important  nonpublic  information .  In  addition ,  we  shall  not  engage  in  the  derivative  transactions  related  to  the  securities  of  Huayou .  At  no  time  shall  we  trade  any  interest  or  asset  related  to  the  future  price  of  the  securities  of  Huayou .  5 .  13  Anti - corruption  laws  Many  countries  have  established  laws  to  prohibit  corruption  and  bribery ,  such  as  the  Foreign  Corrupt  Practices  Act  (  FCPA )  of  the  US .  Every  country  where  Huayou  conducts  business  has  similar  law .  Violating  these  laws  will  cause  the  Company  and  all  people  therein  to  undertake  civil  and  criminal  responsibilities .  Wining  the  market  properly  means  that  we  must  abide  by  the  anti - corruption  laws .  We  require  all  employees  to  abide  by  our  anti -  corruption  policies  and  regulations .  5 .  14  Government  officials  5  .  1 4 .  1  In  order  to  guarantee  the  abidance  by  the  laws  prohibiting  corruption  and  bribery ,  we  shall  not  provide  anything  of  value  to  the  government  officials  in  order  to  obtain  or  retain  the  business ,  win  business  advantage  or  improperly  influence  the  decision  related  to  Huayou .  We  shall  not  utilize  any  third  party  (  e .  g .  agent ,  counselor  or  sales  representative )  to  provide  anything  of  value  to  the  government  officials  in  order  to  obtain  or  retain  the  business ,  win  business  advantage  or  improperly  influence  the  decision  related  to  Huayou .  5 .  14.2  Government  officials  include :  Official  or  employee  elected  or  appointed  by  any  government  department  or  organization ;  Any  person  who  exercise  authorities  on  behalf  of  government  department  or  organization  with  an  official  capacity ;  Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited

Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited  Any  official  or  employee  of  an  international  public  organization  ( e . g .  World  Bank  or  the  United  Nations );  Any  political  party  or  its  any  official ;  Any  political  candidate .  5 .  15  Political  contribution  Without  prior  written  permission ,  we  shall  not  use  the  funds  of  Huayou  to  make  any  political  contribution  for  any  political  candidate  or  incumbent  in  government  office .  “  Political  contribution ”  includes  direct  or  indirect  payment ,  loan ,  borrowing ,  deposit ,  cash  gift  or  any  service .  It  also  includes  providing  subscription ,  membership ,  tickets ,  buying  advertising  space ,  and  paying  costs  or  employee  salary  for  any  employee ,  candidate  or  civil  servant  of  any  political  organization .  The  employee  can  spend  his  own  money  and  time  to  make  any  political  contribution  at  his  own  option  and  in  his  own  name .  5 .  16  Import ,  export  and  supply  chain  safety  Our  businesses  rely  on  compliant ,  efficient  and  safe  international  trade .  We  are  operating  and  dealing  with  many  customers  in  several  countries ,  so  that  many  different  laws ,  regulations  and  contract  terms  restrict  the  way  we  do  business .  We  shall  all  understand  and  abide  by  these  laws  and  contract  requirements  applicable  to  our  work .  As  an  importer ,  we  are  responsible  for  accurately  describing  and  classifying  the  products ,  and  accurately  marking  their  values  and  countries  of  origin .  We  must  also  abide  by  the  import  laws ,  regulations  and  rules  of  local  customs  and  other  government  agencies .  As  an  exporter ,  we  must  abide  by  any  law  of  the  country  from  which  our  finished  products ,  parts  or  technologies  are  delivered ,  and  the  export  laws  of  China  (  regardless  of  the  country  of  delivery )  .  Therefore ,  we  must  understand  the  “ export  regulations ”  of

Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited  each  place  of  delivery  and  China ,  so  as  to  determine  the  authorization  requirements  for  compliant  transaction .  We  have  promised  to  the  government  agencies  and  customer  that  we  will  guarantee  the  supply  chain  safety .  As  a  part  of  this  scheme ,  we  must  inform  our  business  partner  of  our  supply  chain  safety  practice .

Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited  6.  Accurate  Accounts  and  Records  As  a  responsibility  for  the  shareholders ,  it  is  required  that  the  writing  of  accounts  and  records  must  conform  to  Chinese  accounting  standards  and  the  established  accounting  policies  of  the  Company .  The  accounts  and  records  shall  not  include  any  false ,  incomplete  or  misleading  journalizing  or  record .  In  addition ,  Huayou  shall  not  establish  any  undisclosed  or  unrecorded  company  fund  for  any  purpose .  Payment  without  appropriate  supporting  document  or  approval  is  strictly  prohibited .  All  documents  proving  the  transaction  must  be  complete  and  accurate ,  and  be  disposed  in  time .  Auditor  shall  be  employed  to  guarantee  the  accounts  and  records  meet  the  applicable  accounting  standards .  All  employees  are  required  to  provide  accurate  information  for  internal  and  external  auditors .  7 .  Use  and  Protection  of  Huayou ’ s  Assets  7.  1  Assets  of  Huayou  Each  employee  shall  be  responsible  for  protecting  the  assets  of  Huayou .  Without  proper  authorization ,  we  shall  not  occupy ,  embezzle ,  lend ,  sell ,  or  donate  any  asset  of  Huayou .  7.  1.  1  All  assets ,  including  plants ,  equipment ,  facilities ,  office  system  and  office  supplies ,  can  only  be  used  for  the  business  of  Huayou  or  be  used  with  the  authorization  of  the  related  management .  7 .  1.2  Huayou ’ s  confidential  information :  The  employees  must  abide  by  the  information  safety  systems  of  the  Company ,  shall  not  disclose  the  confidential  information  of  the  Company  without  authorization ,  shall  not  use  such  information  for  any  purpose  other  than  the  business  of  Huayou ,  and  shall  undertake  confidentiality  obligation  to  the  confidential  information .  The  employee  shall  avoid  unintentional  disclosure  of  Huayou ’ s  confidential

Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited  information ,  shall  not  discuss  Huayou ’  s  confidential  information  with  any  unauthorized  person ,  and  shall  not  talk  about  Huayou ’  s  confidential  information  with  unauthorized  person  in  any  occasion ,  such  as  airport ,  railway  station  and  other  public  places .  When  talking  with  family  members  or  friends ,  the  employee  shall  also  avoid  speaking  of  Huayou ’  s  confidential  information .  7  .  1.3  Huayou ’ s  intellectual  property :  all  rights  and  interests  of  the  scientific  achievements  obtained  by  the  employees  engaging  in  management ,  technology ,  product  planning ,  scientific  research ,  training  and  education ,  and  other  related  work  belong  to  Huayou .  If  related  scientific  achievement  is  created ,  the  employee  shall  report  to  Huayou .  7  .  1. 4  In  case  an  employee  leaves  Huayou  for  whatever  reason ,  he  must  hand  over  all  assets  of  Huayou  in  his  possession  to  the  Company ,  including  but  not  limited  to  documents  and  any  medium  containing  the  confidential  information  of  Huayou ,  and  shall  not  disclose  or  use  the  confidential  information  of  Huayou .  After  the  employee  leaving  the  Company ,  Huayou  will  still  own  the  intellectual  property  created  by  that  employee  during  his  employment .  The  employee  who  leaves  the  Company  cannot  take  away  any  asset ,  document ,  technology  or  other  confidential  information  of  Huayou .  7  .  1 . 5  The  information  communication  system  of  Huayou  includes  the  connection  with  external  network .  Huayou  has  the  right  to  monitor  the  information  system ,  so  as  to  guarantee  the  safety  of  information  communication  system .  The  employee  can  only  use  the  information  communication  system  of  Huayou  for  the  business  of  Huayou  or  any  other  purpose  authorized  by  the  related  management .  Do  not  visit  the  website  irrelevant  to  the  work  without  authorization .  Each  employee  shall  be  responsible  for  guaranteeing  that  Huayou ’  s  information  communication  system  is  used  for  proper  purpose ,  and  shall  not  influence  his

Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited  own  or  the  others ’  work  efficiency  due  to  improper  use  of  Huayou ’  s  information  communication  system .  7 .2  Huayou  funds  All  employees  shall  be  responsible  for  all  Huayou  funds  under  their  control .  Huayou  funds  shall  not  be  controlled  by  agent  or  contractor .  Huayou  funds  shall  not  be  used  for  any  personal  purpose  or  be  deposited  into  personal  account  or  any  account  other  than  the  company  account .  7.3  Facility  safety  In  order  to  guarantee  the  employee  safety  and  protect  our  assets ,  the  Company  has  established  facility  safety  policies  and  regulations ,  and  implemented  admission  rules .  The  employee  must  abide  by  all  policies  and  regulations  implemented  in  any  facility  he  works  or  visits .  7.4  Prohibit  using  Huayou  assets  to  help  terrorists  It  is  prohibited  to  use  any  Huayou  funds  to  help  any  accused  terrorist  or  terrorist  activity .

Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited  8.  Other  Criteria  8.  1  Supplier  selection  Suppliers  make  great  contribution  to  the  success  of  the  Company .  In  order  to  create  an  environment  under  which  the  supplier  hopes  to  cooperate  with  us ,  we  must  make  them  believe  that  we  will  treat  them  in  a  legal  and  ethical  manner .  The  policy  of  the  Company  is  to  purchase  products  according  to  demand ,  quality ,  environment ,  service ,  price ,  terms  and  conditions .  The  agreements  signed  with  the  supplier  include  sales  restrictions ,  provided  that  such  restrictions  have  been  specially  reviewed  and  approved  by  the  Legal  Management  Department  of  the  Company  and  comply  with  the  applicable  antimonopoly  laws .  8 .2  Government  contract  Our  policy  is  to  abide  by  all  laws  and  regulations  applicable  to  the  government  contract ,  and  strictly  observe  all  terms  and  conditions  of  any  contract  signed  with  any  government  entity .  The  Legal  Management  Department  of  the  Company  must  review  and  approve  all  contract  signed  with  any  government  entity .  8.3  Enterprise  record  retention  All  employees  shall  abide  by  the  requirements  for  enterprise  record  retention .  8 .4  Punishment  measures  Matters  contained  in  this  code  are  essential  to  Huayou ,  our  shareholders  and  business  partners .  Only  the  employees  abide  by  this  code  could  the  business  be  carried  out  according  to  the  specified  value  and  ethical  standards .  All  employees ,  managers  and  Board  members  are  required  to  abide  by  these  rules  when  performing  their  duties .  If  an  employee  fails  to  abide  by  this  code ,  any  local  rule ,  or  any  other  applicable  policy  or  guiding  principle ,  or  the  employee  does  not  report  any  criminal  or  unethical  behavior  found ,  we  may  take  appropriate  correction  and  disciplinary  punishment  measures .  The  punishment  measures  for  violation  include  various

Code  of  Business  Ethical  Conducts  Zhejiang  Huayou  Cobalt  Company  Limited  punishments  up  to  dismissal ,  and  we  have  the  discretion  to  decide  whether  such  punishment  will  be  imposed .  Moreover ,  if  the  Company  suffers  any  loss ,  the  responsible  person  or  entity  shall  be  required  to  compensate  such  loss .  31  December  2021


</Construction_China_Zhejiang Huayou Cobalt_2023.pdf>