This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Defense_Korea_Korea Aerospace Industries_2018.pdf>

1  Effective October 31, 2018 (A 04-0100)  The Code of Conduct for Ethics & Compliance  Korea Aerospace Industries, LTD.

2  Chapter 1 General Rules  Article 1.0 Purpose  The following Code of Conduct for Ethics (COC) shall be followed by members of the Company in performing their duties on a basis that is required both internally and externally under the provisions of the Code of Ethics.  Article 2.0 Application  The scope of this Code shall apply to members of subsidiaries and affiliated companies, including members of the Company, and also to the trading lines.  Article 3.0 Definitions of Terms  The terms used in this Code are as follows:  3.1 Private interest means any of the following:  a) A relative within four cousins of himself and his or her spouse.  b) A member of an organization or organization in which he or she has served within two years.  c) A corporation or organization in which he or her family serves as a member or outside director of a trading vessel.  d) A corporation or organization in which he or his family owns more than a certain percentage of shares, shares, and capital.  e) In cases where specific person is preferred or discriminated due to other reasons such as regional bonds, blood ties, school ties, and religion.  3.2 Money and other goods mean any of the following items:  a) Property interests such as money, securities, real estate, goods, accommodation, membership, tickets, discounts, and invitations.  b) Convenience of hospitality, entertainment, transportation and accommodation of food, liquor, and golf.  c) Other types and intangible economic benefits such as debt relief, and employment offer and grant of interest.

3  d) A third party is an individual, corporation, or organization that has contractual relationships with the company, including customers, traders, agents, consultants, partners, and advisors.  Chapter 2 Sound Corporate Culture  Article 4.0 Working Attitude of Members  Members shall comply with the following subsections to ensure maximum performance during working hours.  4.1 Compliance with laws and company regulations shall be made to ensure fair and transparent job performance.  4.2 In performing one's duties, one should not give preferential treatment or discriminate against a particular person on the grounds of regional bonds, school ties, religion, gender, and ethnicity.  4.3 Protect the Company's assets, save goods and do not damage them or use them for purposes other than business.  4.4 The job must be performed at the designated place of work and the manager must obtain prior approval if he or she leaves the place of work.  4.5 During office hours, people should not engage in activities such as computer games, gambling or personal business activities.  4.6. In order to carry out a complete design and inspection for the best products, use of defective parts, false data preparation, or forgery of supporting documents is prohibited.  4.7. The agenda should be shared in advance to reduce the meeting time and must comply with the start and end times. In addition, all present members to deliver results should actively participate and practice the results produced.  4.8. Arrive at the workplace before the start of the work and complete the preparation of the work. Clean up the surroundings after the end time and leave the office.  Article 5.0 Dress code and Title  5.1 The members shall maintain a uniform and designated dress code within the company as follows:  a) Avoid over-glamorous or revealing clothing, objectionable clothing, and dirty clothes.

4  b) If the Company designates a dress code according to business place, place of work, or seasonal factors, it shall be worn in accordance with its designation.  5.2 The name of the members shall be used in terms set by the Company (Name of position).  Article 6.0 Smoking and Drinking during Working Hours  6.1 Non-Smoking is recommended for the sake of one's own health and others and smoking should be done in designated places.  6.2 In-house drinking shall not be done except at the time and place of the official event permitted.  6.3 If drinking is feared to cause damage to the company, the manager shall exclude the work of the drinker.  Article 7.0 Efforts for Capacity Development of Members  7.1 Members shall participate in various educations such as accommodation, group, external entrusted, OJT, and learning group in consultation with the Head of Department for capacity development.  7.2 Members shall enter and complete the required courses set by the company.  7.3 Members shall not engage in dangerous illegal sports, gambling, taking banned substances or dealing with unlicensed dangerous goods that injure their bodies and minds.  Chapter 3 Fair Job Performance  Article 8.0 Member Recruitment Procedure  8.1 In order to carry out the recruitment of members in a transparent and fair manner, the following paragraphs shall be observed:  a) A member shall not exercise unfair influence, such as ordering his or her family or relatives to be hired.  b) Before hiring personnel, the Human Resources Department should identify whether they are subject to employment restrictions, such as cases of violations in ethics, compliance and security, and whether they are legitimate or not.

5  c) Members shall understand and agree to comply with the Company's ethics compliance policy before  establishing  an  employment  contract  (Form  1.  Use  of  the  Code  of  Ethics  and Compliance).  d) In the event of a personal interest between an employment auditor and an applicant, the employment auditor shall report it to the Director of Personnel and the Director of Personnel shall exclude the employee from the reviewer and record and maintain the information.  8.2 <Deleted 2019.11.04>  Article 9.0 Dereliction of Duty and Unjust Order  9.1 A member shall not cause tangible or intangible losses to the Company by neglect of duty or failure to comply with the working hours, and shall not ignore after acknowledgement.  9.2 If a member has been ordered to perform an unfair duty by a member, politician, and political party for the sake of his or her own or other person's unfair interests, the member shall explain the unfair reasons to his superiors and shall not follow the instructions.  9.3 In case of dereliction of duty and unfair instruction by others, members shall immediately consult or notify the Business Ethics & Support Division Department.  9.4 <Deleted 2019.11.04>  Article 9.1 Banning of Workplace Bullying  9.1 A company member shall not use his/her superior position or relationship at work to cause physical or mental pain to other members or aggravate the work environment beyond the proper scope of work.  Article 10 Money and other Demands among the Members  10.1 A member shall not solicit, accept, or ask for money to influence personnel, such as recruitment, promotion, examination, and department transfer.  10.2 The loan of money to subordinates is prohibited regardless of whether they are paid interest or not.  10.3  In  the  event  of  member-to-member  financial  transactions  and  inevitable  monetary

6  transactions, the relevant details shall be documented to ensure that there is no misunderstanding between them.  10.4 If an employee is asked for unfair demands or goods, he/she shall report to the Business Ethics & Support Division Department.  Article 11 Limits on Unfair Use of Company Assets and Position)  11.1 Additional services such as free passes, reserve points, travel tickets, and accommodation provided under contracts such as vehicles, aircraft, insurance and accommodation shall not be used or reaped without the approval of the Company except for transportation miles reserved for individuals on business trips.  11.2 An entity shall not use the Company's assets (such as products, fixtures, recyclables, office supplies, intellectual property information) or use any leftovers or items acquired free of charge in the transaction relationship.  11.3 The Company name or position should not be used for personal gain outside the scope of its duties.  11.4 If the Company's assets are inevitably to be used privately, they must be approved in advance by the Head of Department.  Chapter 4 Compliance Management between Trade Lines  Article 12 Prohibition of Receiving and Providing Money and Goods  12.1 Members shall comply with relevant laws, including the National and Foreign Corrupt Practices Act such as US FCPA and Bribery Act, the Fair Trade Act and the Labor Standards Act (hereinafter  "No  Corruption  Claims  Act."),  to  ensure  managerial  transparency  and  fair competition.  12.2 A member or his or her family shall not give, receive, or make an appointment directly or indirectly to the customer or the merchant for the purpose of suspected bribery or bribery. The principle of zero tolerance shall be applied if an act made by social or business practices violates laws and regulations.  12.3 The following subsections do not include any other goods prohibited in Article 12.1:

7  a) Money and other goods given to a subordinate for the purpose of consolation, contest, and reward.  b) Money, food, tours, and gifts provided for the purpose of smooth job performance and social or ritual assistance as defined in [Permitted range of monetary items described in Attachment 1].  c) Money and other goods provided on a legitimate authority, such as the performance of a debt due to a private transaction.  d) Money and other goods provided by relatives of members regardless of their duties.  e) Money and other goods provided to members according to the standards set by the employee association,  fraternity,  fraternity,  religious  and  social  organizations,  and  those  who  have long-term and lasting friendships provide to those in need due to illness or disaster.  f) In official events relating to duties, such as transportation, accommodation, and food provided uniformly to the participants by the Organizer under social norms.  g) A souvenir or promotional item for distribution to an unspecified number of people, or a reward or prize received through contest.  h) Other items that are allowed under social norms.  i) In case of an inevitability, such as critical management risk, personal risk, and natural disasters.  12.4 No prize money, such as gifts, convenience, entertainment, travel and tribute expenses, shall be given or received by any trading line other than Article 2. If it is received regardless of his or her will, it must be returned immediately and report to the Business Ethics & Support Division Department.  Article 13 Sortation of Gifts and Bribes  A "Gift" means a simple item provided as a token of sincerity, and a "bribe" means unjustifiable money and other goods provided for the purpose of receiving any payment or favor. The extent to which a gift can be provided and received shall be in accordance with Article 12.3 of this Code.  Article 14 Restrictions on Notification of Tributes  14.1 The exchange of tribute goods to and from members involved in the work of the trading line

8  shall be duly returned and taken care of to the extent that it may be recognized in the Article 12.3 of this Code. If it cannot be returned, it shall be reported to the Business Ethics & Support Division Department.  14.2 The details of the member's minor details shall not be publicly communicated to the trading lines or posted on the trading lines' bulletin board.  14.3 The posting of the customer's facts on the company bulletin board cannot be posted since it can be mistaken for enforcing the tribute fee. In case of the target customer is a worker who has left the Company, it can be posted as an exception.  Article 15 Travel Expenses  15.1 In case of event which the customer or business related person should receive travel expenses from the company, it should be executed according to Article 12.3.  a) <Deleted 2019.11.04>  b) <Deleted 2019.11.04>  15.2 Spouse or family travel expenses shall not be provided and received without a prior approval.  Article 16 Payment of Offering for Events  16.1 The sponsorship of cash, wreaths, goods, and transportation shall not be provided for the Company events such as picnic, and sports competition. If money and other goods are received, it shall be returned immediately.  16.2 A Trading lines should not be present at events such as departmental units or unofficial clubs  except  official  events  (such as  Foundation Day Anniversary)  of the company  and headquarters.  16.3 An event-related notice shall not be made to a trading company as follows:  a) Requiring posting on in-house bulletin boards of trading companies.  b) Delivering an unauthorized event notice to the Company to the trading line.  16.4 When an event is made to a trading line, it shall be notified that it does not accept any consignment items so that receiver does not feel discomfort.  16.5 In the name of the Company or its representative, the General Affairs Department shall take

9  actions when a wreath within the allowable range of "No Corruption Claims Act" is provided to a trading line.  Article 17 Limit of Trading Line Hospitality  17.1 Members shall comply with the scope of Article 12.3 of this Code when they provide or receive meals or other entertainment to the customer.  17.2 If a member is inevitably entertained beyond the scope of Article 12.3 by a subcontractor, he or she shall be returned at the Company (party) or personal expense.  17.3 The meals and entertainment of ordinary expenses between trading lines shall not be provided or received repeatedly.  Article 18 Supporting Personnel and Equipment  18.1 Personnel and equipment shall not be provided to a trading vessel without the approval of the Company.  18.2 If a subcontractor requests support for personnel and equipment, the Company should receive prior approval from the head of the team and support the Company in case the request is deemed to be beneficial to the company's management, such as supporting or fostering partner companies, and improving quality, and follow up with the personnel regulations and the fixed asset management standard (I 01-0100). In case of emergency situations, it is allowed to provide support for emergency or emergency relief.  Article 19 Money Transactions between Trading Lines  19.1 Private money transactions shall not be made with members other than the official business agreement between parties and the trading line.  19.2 In case of temporary borrowing from a trading line due to an urgent need for funds in the field, it must be reported to the Head of Department and repaid without delay.  Article 20 Facilitation Payment  20.1 The facilitation payment refers to money and other goods provided to promote the performance of the work, and the member shall not pay the facilitation payment because such an

10  act is considered a bribe.  20.2 If he or she is requested to pay the facilitation payment, he or she must request a certificate and a formal receipt to verify that it is legal and refuse to pay if the proof is illegal or unsatisfactory. In case of threatened with his or her life or safety, he or she shall be recognized as an exception, but the payment details shall be reported to the Business Ethics & Support Division Department.  20.3 Business Ethics & Support Division Department shall determine whether the reported facilitation payment is valid and must report to the relevant state agency if it is illegal.  Article 21 Limit of Donations  Donations related to politics in the name of the Company are not allowed, and donations to charities should also be made to identify the following issues and carried out in accordance with the donation standard (I 05-0000):  21.1 Whether a charity is a legitimate organization (A legal donor organization registered with a state agency or designated donor organization.)  21.2 Whether the charitable giving is of a political nature or does not exceed the limit of the law  21.3. Whether donations from charities are not used as channels for money laundering  Article 22 Limits of External Lectures  22.1 The payment and receipt of rewards according to lectures, contributions, and advice (hereinafter "external lectures") held at education, promotion, discussion, seminar, public hearing, or other meetings shall follow [Attachment 1.].  22.2 Where paid to government employees and journalists, they shall comply with the scope permitted by the "No Corruption Claims Act."  22.3 For professional lecturers or renowned lecturers, the company shall investigate the usual market value and pay it within the scope.  22.4 If a member is designated as an external lecture, prior approval from the department shall be obtained and if a member receives a lecture fee, he or she shall receive it in a range not exceeding that amount in accordance with the criteria of [Attachment 1]. If a lecturer is paid beyond the permissible range, he or she shall report it in writing to the Business Ethics &

11  Support Division Department for adequate measures.  22.5 Labor, advice, and consultation for direct contract review or evaluation relationships are prohibited and for the purpose of win-win cooperation, prior approval from the Head of Department shall be obtained.  Article 23 Restrictions on Sideline activities  23.1 Since a member is obliged to do his or her best in the Company, he or she shall not engage in double or side-work that may interfere with the company's operations as described in the following paragraphs.  a) Double employment (including part time) as a member of another company, or an actual operation of a company, even if it is under the name of another person, such as a family member.  b) Violation of the law by lending technical certificates to another company at random.  23.2 In the event of a need for a double-time or a side job, such as for help in a job or for enhancing the company's image, the Head of Department and Personnel Department should be approved in advance. (Except the Company approval for concurrent businesses that do not involve services, such as property rental business registration)  Chapter 5 Selection and Trading Companies Contract  Article 24 Recommendation of a Trading Company by Members  24.1 A member shall not give instructions such as forcing a contract manager to do business with a particular company.  24.2 When a contract manager is recommended by a subcontractor, he or she shall determine the qualification according to the work procedures, such as the criteria for evaluating and selecting the subcontractor, and if the subcontractor is evaluated as unqualified, he or she shall not deal with the subcontractor.  24.3 If recommendations from the same company are repeated even though they have been evaluated as unqualified companies, they shall be reported to the Business Ethics & Support Division Department.

12  Article 25 Protection of Competitive Bidding and Bidding Information  25.1 In all transactions, members shall prevent purchases at prices higher than market prices (fair prices) through market research, multiple estimates, and open bidding.  25.2 Purchase (construction) work must be carried out according to the Company's purchase (construction) procedure, but if a contract is required from a single company due to the absence of multiple registered companies, a private contract can be signed after verifying the proper price through a preliminary market survey.  25.3 In case of competitive bidding transactions, companies may submit high-value targets in collusion, so the estimated amount must be calculated in advance with other companies and negotiated at an appropriate amount.  25.4 In order to grant the right to contract after completion of the bidding process, the contributors, evaluators and approvers shall not be the same and must be approved in accordance with the relevant Business Regulations and delegated standards (B=04-0000).  25.5 Members shall protect the private proposal information, cost information, or intellectual property rights of the bidders that they learned at the time of purchase under the Fair Trade Act and the Competition Integrity Act (in U.S, Procurement Integrity Act).  Article 26 Restrictions on Contracts with Private Stakeholders  26.1 Job-related persons shall not enter into a private contract directly with a company operated by a private stakeholder.  26.2 If a company operated by a private stakeholder has submitted a bid, the interested member shall not participate in the review or evaluation of the contract. If a stakeholder's bid is known, he or she shall report it voluntarily to the head of the responsible team, and the head of the responsible team shall temporarily exclude the member from the related work and maintain the records.  Article 27 Integrity Contract with Trading Company  27.1 A person in charge who carries out the contract on behalf of the Company shall notify and pledge to comply with this Code and domestic and international laws (such as the Fair Trade Act and the Anti-Corruption Act) with a third party prior to the contract (Form 2).  27.2 A contract manager shall specify in the contract the conditions under which a third party

13  actively cooperates with the Company's investigation in the event of any suspicion that he or she has provided inappropriate money or other goods to unjustly benefit from the related business.  27.3 The Contract Manager will terminate the contract in the event of fraud or corruption to a third party and indicate in the contract that damage claims may be claimed.  Article 28 Restrictions on Trade Line and Private Property Transactions  Transactions (including free-of-charge) of real estate, automobiles, services, construction and other property of the business line or person involved in the task, as identified by the company's job, may be misinterpreted as favors and should be reported to the Business Ethics & Support Division Department in advance.  Chapter 6 Information Security  Article 29 Information Protection and Private Use Prohibited  29.1 A member of the Company shall not commit any of the following acts:  a) The act of leaking confidential data, bidding information, technical information, goods and intellectual property of a company to the outside without approval.  b) An act of using the undisclosed information gathered during the performance of a job to make property transactions or investments (such as acquiring or participating in securities, real estate, or shares in a partner company) or to provide such information to others to help them make property transactions or investments.  29.2 <Deleted 2019.11.04>  29.3 If it is necessary to transfer documents, articles and intellectual property outside the company, approval shall be obtained from the advance department manager and the Security Department in advance.  Article 30 No Insider Trading Using Internal Information  30.1 An official of the Company, a subsidiary, a member of an affiliated company, an agent, and a major shareholder shall not be allowed to trade company shares or use them to others by using undisclosed and important information related to the Company's business.

14  30.2 Profits made by members of the Company, its agents and major shareholders from selling (purchasing) the Company's shares after purchase (selling) shall be returned to the Company within a period of six months.  Chapter 7 Accounting Management  Article 31 Prohibited use of Budget without Purpose  31.1 A member shall account for all costs, benefits, entertainment expenses, travel expenses, contributions and external lectures in accordance with domestic and international legislation and international standards for the purpose of the budget, and obtain prior approval from the Accounting Department if any expenditure exceeds the accounting limit or is not eligible for an account is expected.  31.2 A member shall not use the budget for his or her work activities, such as travel expenses and work support expenses, for purposes other than that.  31.3 A member shall not submit a receipt different from the actual place of use when handling expenses.  In case of loss of the receipt, the member shall reissue the receipt  from the subcontractor and report it.  31.4 <Deleted 2019.11.04>  Article 32 Prohibit Use of Random Profits  32.1 A small amount of miscellaneous income generated by the Company (such as gifts, scraps, surplus goods, and sales of recyclables) shall not be used at random by an individual or a department, but shall be credited to the Company.  32.2 When the Company asset is sold or disposed of, it shall comply with the procedures for management of non-use/waste/ surplus goods (DI756-05).  Article 33 Responsibility on Public Money Management  33.1 In the event a member loses or is robbed of public money due to carelessness, the member shall be responsible for damages (except in the case of extortion, such as the risk of life, even though sufficient preventive measures have been taken beforehand).

15  33.2 If a member carries public funds, he or she should not meet outsiders or do personal business because careful attention is required.  33.3 Check and other securities shall contain a separate serial number and, in the event of a loss or theft, should be reported immediately to the issuing bank and the Accounting Department.  Chapter 8 Members' Duty and Responsibility  Article 34  Members' Duty and Responsibility  34.1 All members shall comply with this Code of Conduct as soon as they belong to the Company.  34.2 The Company Management and organizational managers are responsible for annual training and frequent consultation to ensure that members do not violate the Code of Conduct.  34.3 The Customer Support Department shall immediately notify the customer of any breach in accordance with the contract with the customer (contract clause, anti-corruption law, accounting standard, cost basis, and quality standard) and, if that fact is applicable to the disclosure requirements, shall disclose it without delay.  34.4 The members shall actively cooperate with the investigation when auditing or investigating the company or its members upon the client's legitimate request.  Article 35 Reporting and Taking Appropriate Measure of Violation  35.1 When a member finds out about a violation of domestic or international laws or Codes of Conduct that may cause damage to the Company, he or she shall report to the Business Ethics & Support Division Department using the phone, e-mail, and the Internet.  35.2 Business Ethics & Support Division Department shall investigate the details of the report according to the relevant procedures and reply to the informer the results, in order to ensure the identity of the informant and keep the information secret. The Business Ethics & Support Division  Department  should  also  protect  informants  from  retaliation  or  disadvantage  for reporting.  35.3 The company can give the informer proper rewards by evaluating the information.

16  Article 36 Punishment of Offenders  36.1 The company shall take disciplinary measures (maximum measure to discharge and file civil/criminal charges) against members, who violates the Code of Ethics and Compliance Laws in accordance with the employment rules and personnel regulations, and shall maintain its zero-tolerance policy.  36.2 In the event that a member is charged with fines or damages for civil or criminal penalties in violation of this regulation and related laws, the Company shall not be responsible for the member in any case, and the member shall not be reimbursed from the Company for the fines and other damages.  36.3 The Company shall not impose penalties such as claims for damages or disciplinary measures on its members even if the Company has been injured by the Company by refusing to engage in fraud or corruption.  Article 37 Duty of Education  All members shall be educated at least once a year on the Code of Ethics and Conduct (Form 1), and shall make a pledge of compliance (Form 1) to perform their duties according to ethics and law.  The  Company  shall  maintain  the  educational  results  and  records  of  the  pledge  of compliance.  Supplementary Provisions  Article 1 Date of Enforcement  1.1 These Code of Conduct shall be revised & implemented from April 6, 2004.  1.2 These Code of Conduct shall be revised & implemented from February 1, 2007.  1.3 These Code of Conduct shall be revised & implemented from December 1, 2011.  1.4 These Code of Conduct shall be revised & implemented from July 1, 2016.  1.5 These Code of Conduct shall be revised & implemented from September 1, 2017.  1.6 These Code of Conduct shall be revised & implemented from May 10, 2018.  1.7 These Code of Conduct shall be revised & implemented from October 31, 2018.

17  Article 2 Efforts to Secure Efficacy  It may be amended more than once a year to enhance the effectiveness of these Code of Conduct.  Article 3 Attachments  3.1 Permitted range of money and other goods  Article 4 Form  4.1 Code of Practice for Ethics  4.2 Code of Practice for Ethics of Traders

18  Attachments 1  Permitted Range of Money and other Goods  sortation  details  permitted range  External lecture  Receive Membership Fees   400,000 won per hour/ case, 1 hour and up to 600,000 won    A maximum of 4 hours per week for work hours and paid classes (Mandatory use of annual leave in excess)-Exception of free lectures, such as business partners and community development    Transportation expenses / accommodation expenses can be collected separately.    No limits or time limit for implementation in accordance with company contract and agreement.  Offering External Lectures to Government Officials/ Pressers    Compliance with "No Corruption Claims Act."  Provide Lectures for Non-Government Employees/Media Personnel    Comparative estimate (market price)  Gift  Receiving and    Within 50,000 won (100,000 won for agricultural

19  Providing Gifts  and marine products and their processed goods)  Food and Drink  Receiving and –  Providing Food and Drink    A person per 30,000 won / once per 30,000 won Exceptions for official events  Convenience  Receiving and Providing Transportation and Accommodation Expenses    Within 50,000 won (dual offer/not accepted between trading lines) In the case of official events, they can be handled with actual expenses  Tribute Fee and Wreath  Handling Company Expenses    Unable to support Tribute Fee    Able to receive and offer wreaths (within 100,000 won), submission processing to the General Affairs Department  Personal Expense    Receipt and provision of costs under social norms (In the case of public officials, they are paid under the No Corruption Claims Act)  1) No money or gifts are provided or received by direct officials of the job (Screening and evaluation staff).  2) Gifts, food, convenience, and tribute fees among members can be at a normal level without separate criteria.  3) The purpose, cost, and name of the official event shall be notified (opened) to the other party prior to the event by the in-house item and official letter/email/public relations channel. Detailed interpretation of official events applies the Enforcement Decree of the No Corruption Claims Act.

20  Form 1  Code of Practice for Ethics  Year month date  Affiliation  Name  I will perform my duties on the basis of ethics and law and abide by the following for the benefit protection and social responsibility of the company, customers, shareholders and business partners.  1. I will do my best to create a corporate culture of trust and communication, transparent and fair.  2. I will not engage in corrupt and corrupt practices such as bribery between trading vessels in order to maintain a fair trade relationship.  3. I will take the lead in developing the company into a transparent company by immediately reporting any unfair trade proposals or perceived irregularities in the course of performing my duties.  4. I am faithful to the basics and principles and will not act in violation of the company's vision and interests as an aviation worker.  As a member of the Korea Aerospace Industries (KAI) I sign the above, vowing to comply thoroughly with the above and bear any penalties or disadvantages in case of violation.

21  Signature  Form 2  A Pledge of Ethics&Compliance by Contracting Parties  We, ________, in accordance with due diligence and good faith, commit to comply with the following while maintaining a contractual relationship with KAI.  1. We will provide training on preventing corruption to those who work for the company's interests, including executives, managers, employees, and agents thereof.  2.  We  will  not  pay,  receive,  or  promise  you  anything,  such  as  improper  gifts,  money, entertainment, facilitation payment, and/or tribute.  3. In the event that we receive a request for corruptive behavior from KAI any members, we will report it to KAI Reporter Center (www.koreaaero.com) to establish a transparent and sound transaction relationship.  4. We will not do anything unfair to acquire or maintain a business, impeding fair competition for open bidding.  5. We will not provide or promise to provide any unfair political donations or support.  6. We will not engage in unethical conduct in all aspects of human rights, environment, accounting, and quality.  7. In case a breach of contract or an unfair transaction is revealed or suspected, we will notify KAI in writing thereof and actively cooperate with KAI and any government agencies.  8. If any irregularities or corrupt practices are confirmed, we pledge to fully accept any disadvantages such as limiting eligibility of transactions, terminating contracts, and paying damages.  Signature  Company Name  Date

22  Representative  Signiture


</Defense_Korea_Korea Aerospace Industries_2018.pdf>