This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Defense_Korea_Hanwha Aerospace_2022.pdf>

H - Standard  Object  Category  Detailed action points  M yself  Good faith and  dignity  As proud member s  of Hanwha,  we  will  act with dignity and  act in  good faith to  fulfil all of  our  responsibilities .  Fair and  transparent  work ethics  We  will work in a fair and transparent manner in accordance with  the applicable laws and common sense principles, and not accept  or seek any money or other valuables in connection with the  performance  of  our duties.  Company  Treating  colleagues with  consideration  and respect  We  will accept  and recognize  the diversity of opinions and  personalities of all of  our  colleagues, and  we  will not  sexually  harass  our  colleagues or abuse them verbally or  physically, and  will not otherwise treat  them  with disrespect or give inappropriate  work orders or directives.  Healthy and safe  work  environment  To ensure  safety for us all ,  we  will comply with all health and  safety policies, and  strive to create a  healthy and vibrant work  environment for all.  Protect ion  of  Company assets  and information  We  will use the Company’s expenses and all  of  its assets efficiently  and appropriately for legitimate business purpose s ,  and we will  protect all of the Company’s  trade secrets and other confidential or  proprietary information.  Harmony with  the Company  We  will not pursue any illegitimate  private  interests and  we  will  take caution to not allow any conflict of interest s  that may arises  as a result of  our private  interests to interfere with the  interests of  the Company.  Society  Respect for  Customers  We  will respect the diversity of opinions of our customers, and  will  strive to  ensure their trust and satisfaction to the best of  our  abilities.  Shared growth  with  Business  Partners  We  will try to ensure mutual best interests with our business  partners by acting in accordance with the principle of shared  growth and fair trade.  Respect for  Social Values  We  will pursue the universal values of our society and earn  social  trust by respecting the social norms and our promises to the  society.  Compliance with  Global  Standards  We  will act in a manner that complies the global standards and  respect the various cultures and values of local communities  abroad.

In practice of our H(Hanwha) - Standard * , w e will make our best efforts  to achieve our self -  dignity and work together with our colleag ue s to create a healthy and vibrant workplace, and  to create a corporate culture that values shared growth with business partners, and  respect the  social values conforms with the global standards.  *  H ( Hanwha) - Standard :  H - Standard  refers  to  the  standard  of  conduct  and  professional  attitude  for  all  employees  of  Hanwha ,  encompassing  Dedication  and  I ntegrity ,  the  core  value  of  Hanwha .  1.  Good faith and dignity  ◦  W e  understand the  Company’s business id eologies and principles, and we  will work  diligently and responsibly in performing all of  our  duties.  ◦  Recognizing that  our  actions and decisions can affect the reputation and trustworthiness of  the Company as a whole,  we  will strive to live with discipline and dignity.  ◦  W e  will not slander others or the Company or otherwise undermine the reputation of the  Company through  our  work performance  and daily life, or through  our  use or activities on  s ocial media .  2.  Fair and T ransparent  W ork  E thics  ◦  We  will clearly distinguish between work and  our  personal affairs, and perform all of  our  duties in a fair and transparent manner, and comply with all applicable laws, industrial norms  and standards, and the universally accepted standard.  Action  Points  As proud members of Hanwha, we will act with dignity and act in good faith to  fulfil all of our  responsibilities.  We will work in a fair and transparent manner in accordance with the applicable  laws and common sense principles, and not accept or  seek any money or other  valuables in connection with the performance of our duties.

◦  We  will record and report all information accurately and honestly, without omitting or falsely  stating  any material information .  ◦  We  will not make any illegitimate requests to public officials, or provide them with any  money or other valuables prohibited by the Improper Solicitation and Graft Act ,  and  we  shall  not engage in giving or receiving of any money,  valuables, meals, or entertainment to or from  any interested persons or  colleagues.  3.  Treating colleagues with consideration and respect  ◦  We  will respect and understand the abilities ,  experiences  and diversity  of all  our  colleagues,  and will not discriminate or give preferential treatment based on gender, age, educational  level,  family ties, regional ties, or school ties.  ◦  We  will not verbally or physically abuse  our  colleagues, sexually  harass  them, or otherwise  make or treat others as an outcast.  ◦  We  will not harm the working environment by giving improper work orders or otherwise  improperly exercise influence in abuse of  our  job position or authority.  4.  Healthy and safe work environment  ◦  We  will strive to prevent occupational accidents, injuries, disasters, or diseases at work  through  strict safety inspections and management according to the safety standards.  ◦  We  will strive to create a work environment with good work - life harmony by achieving  harmonious balance between work concentration and relaxation  times.  ◦  We will strive to respect c reativity and independence of each individual colleagues  and to  ensure a healthy and vibrant work environment for all.  We will accept and recognize the diversity of opinions and personalities of all of  our colleagues, and we will not  sexually harass our colleagues or abuse them  verbally or physically, and will not otherwise treat them with disrespect or give  inappropriate work orders or directives.  To ensure safety for us all, we will comply with all health and safety policies, and  strive to create a healthy and vibrant work environment for all.

5.  Protection of Company assets and information  ◦  We  will strive to conserve the Company’s  properties  as if they were  our  own, and use the  Company ’s budgets and assets according to the applicable regulations and guidelines and for  the appropriate business purpose.  ◦  We  will not embezzle or steal Company’s funds or use them for personal use, or otherwise  engage in any action that inflicts harm to the C ompany’s assets.  ◦  We  will strive to protect the intellectual property rights and trade secrets of the Company,  and will prevent external  leaks, disclosur e, or personal use of the same.  6.  Harmony with the Company  ◦  We  will strive not to  allow our personal relationships to  infringe on  the Company’s interests  in  matters relating to  transactional relations, employment,  and  evaluations .  ◦  We  will not disclose any non - public informa tion about the Company or any information  acquired during performance of our duties  to any third party ,  or use them  for  illegal personal  interests by utilizing such information in securities or other investment transactions .  ◦  We  will not engage in external for - profit activities that may affect the Company’s business,  or otherwise engage in double  employment  that may interfere with our  performance at work.  7.  Respect for Customers  We  will  use  the  Company’s  expenses  and  all  of  its  assets  efficiently and  appropriately for  legitimate business purposes, and we will protect all of the  Company’s trade secrets and other confidential or proprietary information.  We will not pursue any illegitimate  private interests and we will take caution to not  allow any conflict of interests that may arises as a result of our private interests to  interfere with the interests of the Company.  We will respect the diversity of opinions of our customers, and will strive to ensure  their trust and satisfaction to the best of our abilities.

◦  We  will listen to the customer’s opinions, and strive to make customer satisfaction a  standard  of highest priority.  ◦  We  will strive to keep  our  promises with customers based on trust and loyalty, and to protect  the customers’ interests.  ◦  We  will take the utmost caution to protect  our  customers from undue harm  by pre venting  disclosure of their personal information.  8.  Shared growth with Business Partners  ◦  We  will strive to provide fair trading opportunities in accordance with the applicable laws  and regulations, and to achieve transparency and fair dealing in all transactions.  ◦  We  will respect the intellectual property rights and trade secrets of our business partners and  strive to maintain  mutual trust and  cooperative relationship  with  our business partners.  ◦  We  will not make any rude remarks or engage in unfair practices by taking  advantage of our  Company’s superior position over our business partners .  9.  Respect for Social Values  ◦  We  will  strive to comply with our society’ s ethical  standards in all our  actions as an individual  to achieve social trust for our Company.  ◦  We  will strive to harmonize our  activities with the society by practicing the universal values .  ◦  We  will strive to respect t he diversity in our society ,  and to display neutral position on social  issues  and political views in conducting our work duties.  We will try to ensure mutual best interests with our business partners by acting in  accordance with the principle of shared growth and fair trade.  We will pursue the universal values of our society and earn social trust by respecting  the social norms and our promises to the society.

10.  Compliance with Global Standards  ◦  We will strive to comply with all internationally accepted standards, such as the international  treaties, international accounting standards, and ESG - related norms .  ◦  We understand the cultural values and t raditions of the local communities abroad, and respect  their respective values.  ◦  As a global corporate citizen, we will strive to achieve sustainable development for all.  We will act in a manner that complies the global standards and respect the various  cultures and values of local communities abroad.


</Defense_Korea_Hanwha Aerospace_2022.pdf>