Compliance

Introduction

In order to continuously grow the company, Hanwha Engine aims to enhance the competitiveness of the company and to fulfill its corporate social responsibility through customer-oriented management philosophy, transparent management and innovation. To this end, we have established Code of Conduct and implemented it as a principle of our employees' business conduct.

This Code of Conduct applies to employees of Hanwha Engine ("employees") and encourages third parties, such as contractors who deal with the company, to comply with them.

Employees are responsible for the proper understanding and compliance with internal regulations, including relevant laws, regulations and Code of Conduct. The details that are not covered by Code of Conduct or which require specific explanation are set out in the detailed regulations, so you can find them on the company intranet site or you can get them through the legal department. If there is a conflict between this Code of Conduct and related laws, the statute will take precedence.

If you find any violation or violation of the Code of Conduct, you can report it in accordance with company procedures and regulations. In this case, the confidentiality of the identity of the notifier, the facts of the notification, etc. are guaranteed to be strictly confidential, and the complainant filing the matter in good faith will not be penalized for reporting.

Respect for human rights and prohibition of discrimination

Employees do not tolerate inappropriate language or behavior such as verbal abuse, violence or sexual harassment.
Employees are unreservedly committed to the principle of non-discrimination with respect to race, color, gender, age, disability, religion, ideology, political opinion, nationality, ethnicity, health, physical appearance, sexual orientation, education and social, family or marital status.
Employees do not tolerate verbal and physical abuse, including offensive remarks, violence, or sexual harassment.
Employees hire, deploy, evaluate, and train our talented employees according to reasonable standards and principles.
Employees create and foster an environment of open communication where everyone is encouraged to share reasoned ideas and good-faith opinions.
Employees pursue solid teamwork based on fairness and warmth. We treat one another in accordance with fair and equitable standards and principles.
Integrity and Transparency

Integrity and transparency must be applied to every aspect of our organization and business.

Employees must not, directly or indirectly, offer, give, promise to give, receive, agree to receive, or request improper financial or other advantage (including gifts, meals, and entertainment) in our dealings with public officials and individuals in the private sector.
Employees must ensure the integrity and accuracy of our business and financial records, consistent with applicable laws, accounting principles and our supplementary policies.
Employees must provide material information to our investors in a truthful, reliable and timely manner consistent with applicable laws.
Employees must not act in any manner that creates, or appears to create, a conflict between company's interests and our personal interests. We must not engage in any activities, including activities outside of our employment, which may undermine company's interests and reputation.
Employees must not use, or provide to someone else, inside, non-public information of company for personal or someone else's benefit. We must not trade, or facilitate another person's trade, in companies , or any other companies, securities based on any inside, non-public information.
Employees must safeguard company's assets from loss, damage, theft, misuse and abuse.
Company's assets may be used only for proper business purposes and for the benefit of the company.
Employees must protect company's confidential or proprietary information and must not share it with any third party without the Company's permission.
Employees must safeguard the security and confidentiality of personal information in company's possession in accordance with applicable laws.
Fair Competition

Employees compete fairly in accordance with the principles of free competition and comply with relevant laws and regulations.

Employees value our suppliers, contractors and distributors as our business partners, and strive to build trusting relationships with them for mutual growth.
Employees must not unfairly restrict competition by agreeing with, or exchanging information or opinions with, our competitors regarding prices, types and standards of the products and services, supply levels, markets and territories, customers, suppliers, distributors, terms and conditions of transactions, and bidding conditions and methods.
Employees must not use company's dominant market position to exert undue influence on those who deal with us.
Focus on Our Customers, Innovation, Growth

Our customers are the reason we exist. Our business decisions and activities are thoroughly customer-focused. Employees pursue sustainable growth through continuous innovation.

Employees are driven to offer our customers the best value by understanding and satisfying their needs. We will listen to our customers and treat them fairly and respectfully.
Employees will provide our customers with truthful information about our products and services.
Employees are committed to continuously improving our technologies, products, services, processes and systems. To this end, we will actively pursue new and diverse technologies, knowledge, ideas, and information.
Employees will constantly set new and challenging goals, thereby improving our individual capabilities and sustaining company's growth.
Community Development, Safety and Environment

Employees are committed to building company as a trusted company that grows with our community. As responsible members of our communities, it is our duty to safeguard the life and safety of everyone in our communities and protect the environment.

Employees takes corporate social responsibility seriously. We will contribute to the development of our community though carrying out our corporate activities and actively fulfilling our corporate social responsibilities.
Employees is dedicated to maintaining safe working environments and complying with all applicable environmental, health, and safety standards and regulations.
Employees are committed to the health and safety of our people, our customers, and the members of our communities in all aspects of our business, including product development, manufacturing and sales activities.
Employees are committed to achieving environment-friendly growth by actively improving our technology and pursuing innovation.
Compliance Program(CP)

CP Concept
CP (Compliance Program) refers to the totality of internal compliance systems, such as education and supervision, which enterprises (economic entities) voluntarily establish and operate to ensure compliance with fair trade-related laws and regulations and to establish a competitive order in their economic activities.
Key CP Activities
CEO's statement of commitment to voluntary Fair trade compliance.
Appointment of the Fair Trade Voluntary Compliance Manager (by the Board of Directors).
Overall management of risk prevention for competition laws and essential regulations.
Production and distribution of the Fair Trade Voluntary Compliance Handbook (revised annually).
Implementation of company-wide ethics code and compliance training (including fair trade and various other areas).
Submission of Ethics Code Compliance Pledges by executives and employees.
Reporting of compliance support status and CP performance to the CEO and the Board of Directors.
Operation of company regulations related to fair trade, such as the Fair Trade Voluntary Compliance Program Operating Regulations.
Operation of a proactive compliance risk management system, including legal consultation, contract review, and inter-affiliate transactions.