This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Digital_China_JD_2023.pdf>

1  JD.COM, INC.  AMENDED AND RESTATED  CODE OF BUSINESS CON DUCT AND ETHICS  Adopted by the Board of Director s  of JD.com, Inc. on  November 17, 2022  ___________________________________________________________________________  I.  PURPOSE  This Code of Business Co nduct and Ethics (the “ Code ”) contains general guidelines  for conducting the business of JD.com, Inc., a Cayman Islands company, and its subsidiaries  and affiliate d  entities (collectively, the “ Company ”) consistent with the highest standards of  business et hics, and is intended to qualify as a “code of ethics” within the meaning of Section  406 of the Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder.  Employees  must, of course, comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, as those law s, rules  and/or regulations may be amended from time  to  time.  To the extent this Code requires a  higher standard than required by commercial practice or applicable laws, rules or regulations,  we adhere to these higher standards.  This Code is designed to d eter wrongdoing and to promote:  •  honest and ethical conduct, including , without limitation,  the ethical handling of  actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships;  •  full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable d isclosure in reports and documents  that the Company files with, or submits to, the U.S. Securities and Exchange  Commission (the “ SEC ”) and in other public communications made by the Company;  •  compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations;  •  prompt in ternal reporting of violations of the Code; and  •  accountability for adherence to the Code.  II.  APPLICABILITY  This Code applies to all directors, officers and employees of the Company, whether  they work for the Company on a full - time, part - time, consultativ e or temporary basis (each,  an “ employee ” and collectively, the “ employees ”). Certain provisions of the Code apply  specifically to  the Company’s  chief executive officer, chief financial officer,  other executive  officers as defined under Rule 405 under the  Securities Act of 1933, as amended,  senior  finance officer,  controller,  senior vice presidents  and any other persons who perform similar  functions for the Company (each, a “ senior officer ,” and collectively, the “ senior officers ”).  The Board of Directors  of the Company (the “ Board ”) has appointed  the  H ead of  C ompliance  D epartment of the Company , as  the  Compliance Officer for the Company (the  “ Compliance Officer ”). If you have any questions regarding the Code or would like to report  any violation of the Co de, please contact the Compliance Officer.

2  III.  CONFLICTS OF INTERES T  Identifying Conflicts of Interest  A conflict of interest occurs when an employee’s private interest interferes, or appears  to interfere, in any way with the interests of the Company a s a whole. An employee should  actively avoid any private interest that may impact such employee’s ability to act in the  interests of the Company or that may make it difficult to perform the employee’s work  objectively and effectively. In general, the follo wing should be considered conflicts of  interest:  •  Outside Employment . No employee may be employed by  or provide services or  advice to  (i)  a business  or entity  that competes with the Company or deprives it of any  business  or (ii) a non - competitive business  or entity where such employ ment or  provision of services or advice adversely affects the employee’s performance of  duties or responsibilities to the Company, or requires the employee to devote  substantial  time to it during such employee’s working hours at  the Company .  •  Corporate Opportunity . No employee should use corporate property, information or  his/her  position with the Company to secure a business opportunity that would  otherwise be available to the Company. If an employee discovers a business  opportuni ty that is in the Company’s line of business through the use of the  Company’s property, information or position, the employee must first present the  business opportunity to the Company before pursuing the opportunity in  his/her  individual capacity.  •  Financi al Interests .  (i)  No employee may have any financial interest (ownership or otherwise),  either directly or indirectly through a spouse or other family member, in  any other business or entity if such interest adversely affects the  employee’s performance of duti es or responsibilities to the Company, or  requires the employee to devote  substantial  time to it during such  employee’s working hours at the Company;  (ii)  No employee may hold any ownership interest in a  business or entity  that is  in competition with the Compan y  if such ownership interest adversely  affects the employee’s performance of duties or responsibilities to the  Company,  or requires the employee to devote  substantial  time to it during  such employee’s working hours at the Company,  and he/she must report to  the Compliance Officer before his/her holding any ownership interest in a  business or entity  that is in competition with the Company ;  (iii)  No employee may hold any ownership interest in a  business or entity  that  has a business relationship with the Company if  such employee’s duties at  the Company include managing or supervising the Company’s business  relations with that  business or entity ; and

3  (iv)  Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Code,  (a) a director or any immediate family member of such director  (coll ectively, “ Director Affiliates ”) or a senior officer or any immediate  family member of such senior officer (collectively, “ Officer Affiliates ”)  may continue to hold  his/her  investment or other financial interest in a  business or entity (an “ Interested Busi ness ”) that:  (1) was made or obtained either (x) before the Company invested in or  otherwise became interested in such business or entity; or (y) before the  director or senior officer joined the Company (for the avoidance of doubt,  regardless of whether t he Company had or had not already invested in or  otherwise become interested in such business or entity at the time the  director or senior officer joined the Company); or  (2) may in the future be made or obtained by the director or senior  officer, provide d that at the time such investment or other financial interest  is made or obtained, the Company has not yet invested in or otherwise  become interested in such business or entity;  provided that such director or senior officer shall  (x)  disclose such  invest ment or other financial interest to the Board  and (y)  refrain from  participating in any discussion among senior officers of the Company  relating to an Interested Business and shall not be involved in any proposed  transaction between the Company and an Inte rested Business; and  ( b ) before any Director Affiliate or Officer Affiliate (i) invests, or  otherwise acquires any equity or other financial interest, in a business or  entity that is in competition with the Company; or (ii) enters into any  transaction wit h the Company, the related director or senior officer shall  obtain prior approval from the Audit Committee of the Board.  •  Loans or Other Financial Transactions . No employee may obtain loans or guarantees  of personal obligations from, or enter into any othe r personal financial transaction  with, any  business or entity  that is a material customer, supplier or competitor of the  Company. This guideline does not prohibit arms - length transactions with recognized  banks or other financial institutions.  •  Service on Bo ards and Committees . No employee shall serve on a board of directors  or trustees or on a committee of any entity (whether profit or not - for - profit) whose  interests could reasonably be expected to conflict with those of the Company.  Employees must obtain pr ior approval from the Board before accepting any such  board or committee position. The Company may revisit its approval of any such  position at any time to determine whether an employee’s service in such position is  still appropriate.  The above is in no wa y a complete list of situations where conflicts of interest may  arise. The following questions might serve as a useful guide in assessing a potential conflict  of interest situation not specifically addressed above:

4  •  Is the action to be taken legal?  •  Is it h onest and fair?  •  Is it in the best interests of the Company?  If the answer to any of the above questions is “no,” then the employee should refrain from  engaging in the action or proposed course of conduct.  If an employee has any question  whether an action o r proposed course of conduct would create a conflict of interest, he/she  shall immediately contact  the  Compliance Officer to obtain advice on the issue.  Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest  The Company requires that employees fully disclose any situations  that could  reasonably be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest. If an employee suspects that  he/she  has a conflict of interest, or a situation that others could reasonably perceive as a  conflict of interest, the employee must report it immediatel y to the Compliance Officer.  Conflicts of interest may only be waived by the Board, or by the appropriate committee of the  Board, and will be promptly disclosed to the public to the extent required by law and  applicable rules of NASDAQ.  Family Members and  Work  The actions of family members outside the workplace may also give rise to conflicts  of interest because they may influence an employee’s objectivity in making decisions on  behalf of the Company. If a member of an employee’s family is interested in d oing business  with the Company, the criteria as to whether to enter into or continue the business  relationship and the terms and conditions of the relationship must be no less favorable to the  Company compared with those that would apply to an unrelated pa rty seeking to do business  with the Company under similar circumstances.  Employees should report any situation involving family members that could  reasonably be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest to their supervisor or the  Compliance Officer.  For purposes of this Code, “family members” or “members of  employee’s family” include an employee’s spouse, siblings, parents,  children and  in - laws  (or  corresponding “step” relation) .  IV.  GIFTS AND ENTERTAINM ENT  The giving and receiving of appropriate g ifts may be considered common business  practice. Appropriate business gifts and entertainment are welcome courtesies designed to  build relationships and understanding among business partners. However, gifts and  entertainment should never compromise, or app ear to compromise, an employee’s ability to  make objective and fair business decisions.  Employees may not, in any event, provide gifts  (including cash and cash equivalents), meals, entertainment, transportation, hospitality, or  other benefits, such as trav el, to business partners in exchange for any improper favor or  benefit. Generally, employees should not accept gifts, favors, entertainment, free services,

5  discounts on personal purchases, or any other special considerations for themselves or their  familie s that are not offered to other Company employees  generally .  Bribes and kickbacks  are criminal acts, strictly prohibited by law. An employee must not offer, give, solicit or  receive any form of bribe or kickback anywhere in the world.  It is the responsibi lity of employees to use good judgment in this area. As a general  rule, employees may give or receive gifts or entertainment to or from customers or suppliers  only if the gift or entertainment is in compliance with applicable law, insignificant in amount  a nd not given in consideration or expectation of any action by the recipient. All gifts and  entertainment expenses made on behalf of the Company must be properly accounted for on  expense reports.  It is the responsibility of employees to report the  receivin g gifts to their immediate  superior management immediately and return them to the original unit or individual within  two working days.  All gifts  that cannot be returned shall be handed over according to the  requirements of the Company, and those valued at  more than  RMB ¥ 300 or foreign currency  equivalent  shall be handed over to the  Administration  Department of the Company.  V.  FCPA COMPLIANCE  The U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“ FCPA ”) prohibits giving anything of value,  directly or indirectly, to offic ials of foreign governments or foreign political candidates in  order to obtain or retain business. A violation of FCPA does not only violate the Company’s  policy but also constitute s  a civil or criminal offense under FCPA. No employee shall give or  authori ze directly or indirectly any illegal payments to government officials of any country.  While the FCPA does, in certain limited circumstances, allow nominal “facilitating  payments” to be made, any such payment must be discussed with and approved by an  emplo yee’s supervisor ( or,  in the case of the chief executive officer, by the  Board ) in advance  before it can be made.  VI.  PROTECTION AND USE O F COMPANY ASSETS  Employees should protect the Company’s assets and ensure their efficient use for  legitimate busines s purposes only. Theft, carelessness and waste have a direct impact on the  Company’s profitability. Any use of the funds or assets of the Company, whether for personal  gain or not, for any unlawful or improper purpose is strictly prohibited.  To ensure the  protection and proper use of the Company’s assets, each employee  should:  •  e xercise reasonable care to prevent theft, damage or misuse of Company  property;  •  p romptly report any actual or suspected theft, damage or misuse of Company  property;

6  •  s afeguard all e lectronic programs, data, communications and written materials  from unauthorized access; and  •  u se Company property only for legitimate business purposes.  Except as approved in advance by the  c hief  e xecutive  o fficer  of the Company  or  the  Compliance  Officer,  the Company prohibits political contributions (directly or through trade  associations) by any employee on behalf of the Company. Prohibited political contributions  include:  •  any contributions of the Company’s funds or other assets for political purposes;  •  encouraging individual employees to make any such contribution; and  •  reimbursing an employee for any political contribution.  VII.  INTELLECTUAL PROPERT Y AND CONFIDENTIALIT Y  Employee should abide by the Company’s rules and policies in protecting the  intelle ctual property and confidential information, including the following:  •  All inventions, creative works, computer software, and technical or trade  secrets developed by an employee in the course of performing the employee’s  duties or primarily through the use  of the Company’s assets or resources while  working at the Company shall be the property of the Company.  •  Employees should maintain the confidentiality of information entrusted to  them by the Company or  persons or  entities with  whom or  which the  Company has  business relations , except when disclosure is authorized  by law  or legally mandated. Confidential information includes all non - public  information  about the Company and its business, along with third - party  information which the Company is required to hold  in confidence .  •  The Company maintains a strict confidentiality policy. During an employee’s  term of employment with the Company, the employee shall comply with any  and all written or unwritten rules and policies concerning confidentiality and  shall fulfill  the duties and responsibilities concerning confidentiality  applicable to the employee.  •  In addition to fulfilling the responsibilities associated with his /her  position in  the Company, an employee shall not, without obtaining prior approval from  the Company , disclose, announce or publish trade secrets or other confidential  business information of the Company, nor shall an employee use such  confidential information outside the course of his /her  duties to the Company.

7  •  Even outside the work environment, an empl oyee must maintain vigilance and  refrain from disclosing important information regarding the Company or its  business,  business associates  or employees.  •  An employee’s duty of confidentiality with respect to the confidential  information of the Company surviv es the termination of such employee’s  employment with the Company for any reason until such time as the Company  discloses such information publicly or the information otherwise becomes  available in the public sphere through no fault of the employee.  •  Upon t ermination of employment, or at such time as the Company requests, an  employee must return to the Company all of its property without exception,  including all forms of medium containing confidential information, and may  not retain duplicate materials.  VIII .  ACCURACY OF FINANCIA L REPORTS AND OTHER  PUBLIC  COMMUNICATIONS  Upon the  Effective Time , the Company will be required to report its financial results  and other material information about its business to the public and the SEC. It is the  Company’s policy t o promptly disclose accurate and complete information regarding its  business, financial condition and results of operations. Employees must strictly comply with  all applicable standards, laws, regulations and policies for accounting and financial reporting  of transactions, estimates and forecasts. Inaccurate, incomplete or untimely reporting will not  be tolerated and can severely damage the Company and result in legal liability.  Employees should be on guard for, and promptly report, any possibility of inac curate  or incomplete financial reporting. Particular attention should be paid to:  •  f inancial results that seem inconsistent with the performance of the underlying  business;  •  t ransactions that do not seem to have an obvious business purpose; and  •  r equests to  circumvent ordinary review and approval procedures.  The Company’s senior financial officers and other employees working in the finance  department have a special responsibility to ensure that all of the Company’s financial  disclosures are full, fair, accura te, timely and understandable. Any practice or situation that  might undermine this objective should be reported to the Compliance Officer.  Employees are prohibited from directly or indirectly taking any action to coerce,  manipulate, mislead or fraudulentl y influence the Company’s independent auditors for the  purpose of rendering the financial statements of the Company materially misleading.  Prohibited actions include but are not limited to:

8  •  issuing or reissuing a report on the Company’s financial statemen ts that is not  warranted in the circumstances (due to material violations of U.S. GAAP,  generally accepted auditing standards or other professional or regulatory  standards);  •  not performing audit, review or other procedures required by generally  accepted a uditing standards or other professional standards;  •  not withdrawing an issued report when withdrawal is warranted under the  circumstances; or  •  not communicating matters required to be communicated to the Company’s  Audit Committee.  IX.  COMPANY RECORDS  Acc urate and reliable records are crucial to the Company’s business and form the  basis of its earnings statements, financial reports and other disclosures to the public. The  Company’s records are a source of essential data that guides business decision - making  and  strategic planning. Company records include, but are not limited to, booking information,  payroll, timecards, travel and expense reports, e - mails, accounting and financial data,  measurement and performance records, electronic data files and all other  records maintained  in the ordinary course of business.  All Company records must be complete, accurate and reliable in all material respects.  There is never an acceptable reason to make false or misleading entries. Undisclosed or  unrecorded funds, payments  or receipts are strictly prohibited. An employee is responsible for  understanding and complying with the Company’s record keeping policy. An employee  should contact the Compliance Officer if  he/she  has any questions regarding the record  keeping policy.  X .  COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS  AND REGULATIONS  Each employee has an obligation to comply with the laws of the cities,  counties,  provinces, regions and countries in which the Company operates. This  obligation  includes,  without limitation, laws covering commercial  bribery and kickbacks,  patent,  copyrights,  trademarks and trade secrets, information privacy, insider trading, offering or receiving  gratuities, harassment  and discrimination , environmental protection, occupational health and  safety, false or misleading fi nancial information, misuse of corporate assets and foreign  currency exchange activities. Employees are expected to understand and comply with all laws,  rules and regulations that apply to their positions at the Company. If any doubt exists about  whether a  course of action is lawful, the employee should seek advice immediately from the  Compliance Officer.  XI.  FORCED LABOR

9  It is the strong policy of the Company that all work must be offered voluntarily  and  free of coercion. Employees shall accept their posi tion free ly  and  with  informed consent, and  must be free to leave their position s  at any time , subject to any reasonable notice provisions  to which they may have agreed  in the employment contracts and to any provisions in  accordance with the relevant laws a nd regulations .  The Company condemns all forms of forced labor, slavery  and human trafficking.  There shall be no unreasonable restrictions on workers’ freedom of movement at their place  of work .  Nor shall the Company compel employees, under threat of  dis cipline or  termination,  to work extra hours to which they have not agreed ,  or to work more overtime than is  permitted under applicable law.  XII.  DISCRIMINATION AND H ARASSMENT  The Company is firmly committed to providing equal opportunity in all aspects o f  employment and will not tolerate any illegal discrimination or harassment based on race,  color,  ethnicity, religion, gender,  sexual orientation,  age, national origin or any other class  or  status protected under applicable law, rule or regulation .  Th e Com pany  prohibits harassment  of any kind, including sexual harassment, and will take appropriate and immediate action in  response to complaints or knowledge of violations of this policy. For purposes of this policy,  harassment is any verbal or physical conduc t designed to threaten , intimidate or coerce an  employee or induce an employee with benefits.  For further information, employees should  consult the Compliance Officer.

10  XII I .  FREEDOM OF ASSOCIATION  Consistent with applicable law, the Company shall ensure  that  its employees are able  to form and join  employee representative bodies  of their own choosing  and freely associate  with internal and external individuals . Likewise, the Company shall respect the right of  employees to refrain from such activities. Emplo yees and/or their representatives shall be  able to communicate openly and share ideas and concerns with management regarding  working conditions and management practices without fear of discrimination, reprisal,  intimidation, or harassment.  X I V .  FAIR DEALI NG ,  COMPETITION  AND ANTI - MONOPOLY  Each employee should endeavor to deal fairly with the Company’s customers,  suppliers and employees ,  compete fairly with the Company’s competitors  and refrain from  engaging in any monopolistic conduct against any anti - monop oly laws and regulations . None  should take unfair advantage of anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of  privileged  or competitively sensitive  information, misrepresentation of material facts, or any  other unfair - dealing ,  anti - competitive  or monop olistic  practice.  In addition, it is the Company’s policy to fully comply with all anti - monopoly laws  and regulations that may be applicable to the Company. Employees should report the  transactions that may involve any anti - monopoly concern to the Complia nce Officer before  entering into such transactions.  X V .  HEALTH AND SAFETY  The Company strives to provide employees with a safe and healthy work environment.  Each employee has responsibility for maintaining a safe and healthy workplace for other  employees  by following environmental, safety and health rules and practices and reporting  accidents, injuries and unsafe equipment, practices or conditions. Violence or threats of  violence are not permitted.  Each employee is expected to perform  his/her  duty to the  Company in a safe manner,  not under the influence of alcohol, illegal drugs or other controlled substances. The use of  illegal drugs or  improper use of  controlled substances in the workplace is prohibited.

11  X V I .  ANTI - MONEY LAUNDERIN G  The Company  is commit ted to the prevention of money laundering across its business  operations globally and seeks to do business only with customers and counterparties that  conduct legitimate activities and share its commitment to complying with relevant anti -  money laundering  l aws.  Money laundering is an act of disguising the true nature of property,  or transferring, acquiring or using property, knowing that such a property is derived from a  criminal offense (which may include drug trafficking or terrorist activities).  X VI I .  E N VIRONMENTAL POLICY  The Company is committed to  safeguarding nature, advancing green development  with more sustainable corporate operations, continuously developing a green supply chain,  and further promoting green consumption among customers. The Company  w ill strive to  reduce its negative impact on the environment and  exert its supply chain capacity  to actively  respond to environmental challenges ,  enhanc ing  the Company’s environmental protection  strategy.  X VIII .  INSIDER TRADING POLI CY  No member of the Compa ny’s  Board  and no officer, employee, consultant,  independent contractor or other person associated with  the Company  may trade in its  American Depositary Shares (“ ADSs ”) representing its  Class A  ordinary shares,  or trade  C lass A ordinary shares on The Stoc k Exchange of Hong Kong Limited, or other securities  of  the Company  if such person possesses “material” information about  the Company  that has  not been disclosed to the public.  For further details, see the  Company’s insider trading policy,  as amended from  time to time (the “ Insider Trading Policy ”) .  X I X .  VIOLATIONS OF THE CO DE  All employees have a duty to report any known or suspected violation of this Code,  including any violation of laws, rules, regulations or policies that apply to the Company.  Reportin g a known or suspected violation of this Code by others will not be considered an act  of disloyalty, but an action to safeguard the reputation and integrity of the Company and its  employees.  If an employee knows of or suspects a violation of this Code, it  is such employee’s  responsibility to immediately report the violation to the Compliance Officer, who will work  with the employee to investigate  his/her  concern. All questions and reports of known or  suspected violations of this Code will be treated with s ensitivity and discretion. The  Compliance Officer and the Company will protect the employee’s confidentiality to the  extent  practicable , consistent with the law and the Company’s need to investigate the  employee’s concern.  It is the Company’s policy that  any employee who violates this Code will be subject  to appropriate discipline,  up to and  including termination of employment, based upon the  facts and circumstances of each particular situation. An employee’s conduct, if it does not

12  comply with the law or  with this Code, can result in serious consequences for both the  employee and the Company.  The Company strictly prohibits retaliation against an employee who, in good faith,  seeks help or reports known or suspected violations. An employee inflicting repris al or  retaliation against another employee for reporting a known or suspected violation will be  subject to disciplinary action,  up to and  including termination of employment.  X X .  WAIVERS OF THE CODE  Waivers of this Code will be granted on a case - by - case  basis and only in  extraordinary circumstances. Waivers of this Code may be made only by the Board, or the  appropriate committee of the Board, and may be promptly disclosed to the public if so  required by applicable laws and regulations and rules of NASDAQ.  X X I .  CONCLUSION  This Code contains general guidelines for conducting the business of the Company  consistent with the highest standards of business ethics. If employees have any questions  about these guidelines, they should contact the Compliance Officer . We expect all employees  to adhere to these standards. Each employee is separately responsible for  his/her  actions.  Conduct that violates the law or this Code cannot be justified by claiming that it was ordered  by a supervisor or someone in higher managem ent positions. If an employee engages in  conduct prohibited by the law or this Code, such employee will be deemed to have acted  outside the scope of  his/her  employment. Such conduct will subject the employee to  disciplinary action, including termination of  employment.  * * * * * * * * * * * * *


</Digital_China_JD_2023.pdf>