This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Digital_Indonesia_Global Digital Niaga_2023.pdf>

CODE OF ETHICS AND STANDARDS OF CONDUCT POLICY  PT GLOBAL DIGITAL NIAGA TBK  The Code of Ethics and Standards of Conduct Policy of PT GLOBAL DIGITAL NIAGA Tbk  ( “Company” ) standardize s  the rules of organizational  behavior  in  the Company. The Code of  Ethics  and Standards of Conduct  Policy  ( “Policy” ) aims  to support the  Company’s  vision and  mission and  to  serve as a guide in  the  efforts to build trust and integrity between the  Company  and  employees,  shareholders,  stakeholders,  and  all  parties  related  to  the  Co mpany,  and to  create a good working environment and conducive business climate. This  policy applies to the Company and all  of the Company's subsidiaries ( “ GDN Group” ).  This policy requires  every  individual in the GDN Group and all business activities invo lving  the Company  to  comply with:  a.  All applicable laws and regulations; and  b.  All regulations  and conditions  related to the Company's business activities.  The Company applies strict consequences for violations of this Policy, from imposition of  disciplinary  sanctions  to  termination  of  employment  as  stipulated  in  the  Company  Regulations  as well as  criminal and civil sanctions in accordance with the applicable laws and  regulations.  The following is a description of the Company's Code of Ethics and Standards of  Conduct:  I.  Individual Responsibilities  1.  The Board of Directors, Board of Commissioners, employees, and all supporting  organs of the Company are required to  perform  their duties in good faith, full of  responsibility, and with prudence.  2.  Every  individual  involved in the management or any operational activities of the  Company has the responsibility to:  a.  Know, understand and comply  with  the applicable Company  Regulations and  the  relevant laws in the Company's business activities.  b.  Know, understand and comply w ith all decisions of  the  management and  superiors.  c.  Ensure the compliance of third parties involved in the Company's business  activities.

d.  Report all known  deviation s  to the Department of People Operations and  General Services, the Board of Directors, and th e Audit Committee according to  the  occurring  type and level of deviation.  3.  Every employee is required to report to the Head of the Department of People  Operations and General Services  in case  there are situations such as but not limited  to the matters desc ribed below:  a.  Any  business practices that are contrary to this Policy and potential ly  harm the  Company.  b.  Any  lack of clarity  on conducts that are  permissible or  not permissible.  c.  Deviations from the standard s  of  conduct  under certain conditions are regulated  by  approval of the Board of Commissioners/Directors.  4.  The Company's policy  on  the employees ’ responsibilities  in using their authority and  position in the Company include:  a.  To u se  with full responsibility  for the Company ’ s benefit  and not for personal or  ce rtain parties ’ interests .  b.  To m aintain and use all  the company’s  data, information, assets and or facilities  for the Company ’s benefit , not for personal  or certain parties’ interests.  c.  To m aintain the  Company’s  good name in  their  attitudes and  conduct , both  outside and inside the Company.  5.  The  Company ’s  Confidential Information  refers to  document s  and/or strategic  information created and/or obtained by the Company that  shall  not be disclosed and  g iven to outsiders  with the consideration of maintaining the Com pany's competitive  advantage and/or complying with agreements or laws and regulations that require  the company to maintain the  information  confidentiality.  Information classified as confidential includes but is not limited to:  a.  Financial statements and/or  material transactions  not yet  disclosed to public.  b.  The Company’s  Strategic plans.  c.  Information bound by a confidentiality agreement.  d.  The Company's products still in the development stage.  e.  Technology uniqueness.  f.  Material Information not yet available to the  public.  g.  Other information deemed confidential.

Regarding the information mentioned above, all employees are responsible for  maintaining confidentiality and prohibited from  misusing  the Company's Confidential  Information.  GDN Group is committed to protect ing personal privacy and consumer s’  data  for  which  consumers will be notified and informed via the site, email, and/or mail  regarding the use of such data by GDN Group. In this Policy, what is meant by  'Personal Data' is any personal data  that  identifies a nd refers to a person, identified  from (a)  those  data, or (b) other data and/or information in our possession or which  access to them we may posses , including data in our records that can be updated at  any time.  Company Confidential Information obtained b y the Company's employees must  remain be ing  kept  confidential after the end of their tenure in the Company.  II.  Management ’s  Responsibilities  6.  All members of GDN Group management are responsible for:  a.  Giving  information to employees  on  their obligations i n  running  the business and  direct ing  employees to  perform  the obligations.  b.  Implementing the  processes and procedures to ensure that  each  employee  complies  with  his  obligations and that any cases of  deviation  can be detected,  reported and  followed - up .  c.  Monit or ing and ensuring  the compliance of each employee with  his  obligations.  d.  Resolving  any  act of non - compliance and  taking the  necessary disciplinary action  against  any  violation.  e.  Evaluating existing procedures and making  changes if necessary.  III.  Relation  between the Company and Employees  7.  The  Company  is  committed  to  creating  and  supporting  a  conducive  work  environment and fair career opportunities,  in which  everyone is treated with respect  and responsibility.  8.  The Company is committed to  constantly  creatin g a work environment that allows  and supports open communication among all individuals or parties involved in the  Company's operations.

9.  The Company  rejects  all forms of discrimination and/or harassment based on but not  limited to matters such as race, nat ionality, religion, gender, and age.  10.  The Company pays attention to and maintains a work environment that meets  health and safety standards in accordance with Law no. 13 of 2003  on  Manpower as  updated from time to time along with its  I mplementing regulatio ns.  IV.  Relation  between the Company and Stakeholders  11.  The Company strictly prohibits all forms of corrupt practices, remuneration, bribery  and/or gratuities within the Company. The Company also understands that  the  honesty and integrity of each individua l is  the  key in matters relating to bribery and  illegal donations in addition to the need for accountability and control mechanisms.  12.  A conflict of interest occurs when there is a possibility that personal interests or the  sharing  of  personal  responsibilit y  may  hinder  objective  decision  making.  The  Company understands that in running its business it cannot completely avoid a ny  conflict of interest situation s .  The s ituations include ,  but not limited to the following:  a.  The  Company's  business  relation  with  com panies  owned  directly  by  the  Commissioners,  Directors  or  Employees  or  companies  in  which  the  Commissioners, Directors or Employees have substantial control  or companies  owned by the families  or friends of the Commissioners, Directors and Employees.  b.  Commiss ioners, Directors or Employees who have a financial interest in  the  Company’s business unit  suppliers or customers.  c.  The use of the Company's assets for personal interests.  d.  Commissioners, Directors or Employees who do business with the client s’  companies  fo r personal gain.  In responding to such  situation s , the Commissioners, Directors, and Employees are  committed to prioritizing the  Company’s  interests. This policy regulates:  a.  In  case  a conflict of interest situation cannot be avoided, the individual ha ving  the  conflict of interest must not be involved in  the decision  making in  matters  containing  the  conflict  of  interest  and  must  not  influence  the  parties  participating in the decision making.  b.  Employees in the Company are prohibited from diverting opportunitie s or  potential for opportunities for personal gain .

13.  Anti - Money Laundering and Counter - Terrorism Financing Policy  Money laundering is an attempt to hide or disguise the origin of assets resulting  from criminal acts in various  ways  so that the assets r esulting from criminal acts are  difficult to trace by law enforcement officers s o that they can freely use the  assets  for both leg al  and illegal activities, which is also regulated in Law Number 8 of 2010  on  Prevention and Eradication of Money Laundering  C rime  as may be amended from  time to time and its implementing regulations.  Terrorism Financing is any act in the context of providing, collecting, giving, or  lending funds, either directly or indirectly, with the intention of being used and/or  known  to  be  used  to  conduct  terrorist  activities,  terror ist  organizations,  or  terrorisms , as referred to in Law Number 9 of 2013  on  Prevention and Eradication of  Terrorism  Financing  Crime  as  may  be  amended  from  time  to  time  and  its  implementing regulations.  Anti - Mon ey Laundering and Prevention of Terrorism Financing Policy is an effort to  prevent and eradicate criminal acts of money laundering and terrorism financing.  The  implementation  of  this  Policy  within  GDN  Group  includes  the  following:  adequate knowledge of con sumers and  market  target s ; carrying out adequate  analysis of consumers and  market  target s , products produced, and each entity;  active supervision  of the  management, internal control, human resources and  training  that can be applied  through screening proced ures in the context of  accepting new employees (pre employee screening),  making identification  and  monitoring of employee  profiles, and conducting continuous training to  raise  awareness of responsibilities in preventing and  eradicating  money laundering or  terrorism financing .  14.  Company Policy in Relation  with Business Partners  The principles that the Company  notes  in carrying out  the business relation  with  business partners are, but are not limited to:  a.  Based on  similarity , equality, and mutual trust whi ch is based on justice and  social responsibility and  does not discriminate  ethnicity, religion, race and  between groups.  b.  Maintain ing  the necessary confiden tiality related to relation  with business  partners  in  accordance  with  applicable  conditions  and  agree ments  and  commitments mutually  and formally  agreed upon by the parties involved.  c.  Comply ing  with applicable regulations.

d.  The Company’s C ommissioners, Directors and Employees must avoid conflicts of  interest.  e.  The Company (including  the  Commissioners, Directo rs, and Employees) is not  allowed to give to or receive from business partners ,  rewards or gifts that can  influence decision making. This prohibition is intended so that there is objectivity  in  decision  making based on existing regulations/stipulations in  accordance with  the  authorities  and responsibilities delegated to decision makers.  15.  Company Policy in Relation  with Affiliated Companies  Affiliated companies are companies  having  relationship of ownership  with the  Company, either directly or indirectl y. The principle adopted by the Company in this  regard is that together with and among affiliated companies, the Company builds  cooperation to achieve synergies in various business and social activities both at  central and branch levels in accordance with  the  applicable laws and regulations.  16.  Protection of Customers  In establishing relationship  with consumers, GDN Group has  the  policy as described  below:  a.  To m aintain customer confidentiality in accordance with applicable regulations.  b.  In order to maintai n the good name of GDN Group, employees are obliged to  protect all forms of customer s’  information. Employees are not entitled to  disseminate  the  information before it is known/agreed formally by the parties  involved, or based on commitments with other par ties that must be kept  confidential.  c.  GDN Group is obliged to serve consum ers with a fair attitude and tries  to  understand the needs and find s  alternative solutions to customer problems  to  the best  possible  and with due  regard to the interests of GDN Group.  d.  Timeliness and time efficiency are factors that support quality services.  17.  Prohibited Services and Products  In  undertaking  its business, GDN Group always produces quality services and  products and always refers to Law Number 8 of 1999  on  Consumer Pro tection as  may be amended from time to time and its implementing regulations. GDN Group is  committed not to  produce , trade and offer prohibited services and products.

V.  Violation of Policy  18.  Any  d evia tions , omission, and or violation  of the Policy may  be subject to sanctions  in accordance with the applicable Company Regulations and may also be subject to  sanctions based on applicable laws and regulations, both criminally and civilly. In the  event of  any  serious violation of this Policy, the  violating  i ndividual  shall be  willing to  resign.


</Digital_Indonesia_Global Digital Niaga_2023.pdf>