This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Energy_China_ENN Energy_2021.pdf>

(Incorporated  in  the  Cayman  Islands  with  limited  liability)  (Stock  Code:  2688)  ENN  Energy  B usiness  Integrity  and  Compliance  Code  of  Conduct

Contents  Foreword .............................................................................................................................................  1  Basic  Requirements ............................................................................................................................. 3  1.  The  Company  and  Employees ..................................................................................................... 4  2.  Quality,  Health,  Safety  and  Environmental  Protection ............................................................... 6  3.  Business  Engagement .................................................................................................................. 8  4.  Government  and  Community ...................................................................................................  12  5.  Assets ........................................................................................................................................  13  6.  Corporate  Information ..............................................................................................................  14  7.  Applicable  Compliance  Standards  in  Different  Countries,  Regions  and  Business  Sectors ....... 16  8.  Adhere  to  Compliance  Management  System ...........................................................................  17  9.  Reporting  and  Whistleblowing .................................................................................................  18  10.  Violation  Penalty .......................................................................................................................  19

F ore word  The  Business  Integrity  and  Compliance  Code  of  Conduct  (hereinafter  referred  to  as  the  “ Code ” )  is  the  foundation  for  ENN  Energy  to  conduct  business  in  a  lawful  and  honest  manner,  and  is  the  guiding  document  for  the  compliance  system  of  ENN  Energy.  The  Code  applies  to  all  units  and  employees  of  ENN  Energy.  The  personnel  who  represent  or  act  on  behalf  of  ENN  Energy  and  all  business  partners  of  ENN  Energy  (including  but  not  limited  to  consultants,  suppliers,  contractors,  subcontractors,  agents,  distributors,  joint  venture  partners)  and  other  stakeholders  who  are  involved  in  our  work  shall  comply  with  the  relevant  requirements  of  the  Code.  As  an  employee  of  ENN  Energy ,  carefully  study  the  Code  is  a  must,  and  to  master  the  basic  requirements  and  specific  provisions  of  integrity  and  compliance,  and  strictly  follows  the  requirements  of  the  Code  at  work.  In  addition,  employees  are  also  required  to  comply  with  other  laws  and  regulations  of  ENN  Energy.  As  a  leader  of  ENN  Energy ’ s  business  at  all  levels,  such  as  the  Managing  Director/General  Manager/Department  Head  (hereinafter  referred  to  as  the  “ business  leaders ” ),  they  should  proactively  take  the  lead  to  promote  the  compliance  of  all  employees,  integrate  the  value  of  ENN  Energy  and  the  integrity  and  self-discipline  into  compliance  management,  comprehensively  promote  the  compliance  culture.  The  business  leaders  at  all  levels  of  ENN  Energy  shall  have  the  following  additional  responsibilities:    Ensure  that  your  employees  understand  their  duties,  and  they  can  seek  your  guidance  immediately  when  they  encounter  problems,  and  dare  to  raise  questions  without  fear  of  retaliation.    Never  retaliate  or  allow  others  to  retaliate  against  the  employees  for  reporting  misconduct.    Ensure  that  your  employees  and  business  partners  receive  all  necessary  trainings  under  the  Code.    As  business  leaders,  such  that  the  first  responsible  person  for  compliance  of  the  unit  or  the  department,  you  are  obliged  to  report  to  the  superior  and  deal  with  actions  that  you  believe  may  violate  laws,  regulations  or  the  Company ’ s  systems.    If  you  are  uncertain  about  how  to  answer  questions  or  concerns  from  our  employees,  please  contact  the  departments  in  charge  of  compliance  management  of  the  Company  (hereinafter  referred  to  as  the  “ Compliance  Department  of  the  Company ” )  or  the  Group ’ s  Legal  and  Compliance  Empowerment  Group.  If  you  have  any  questions  about  the  application  of  the  Code,  you  may  seek  advice  or  assistance  from  the  Compliance  Department  of  the  Company  or  the  Group ’ s  Legal  and  Compliance  Empowerment  Group.  The  telephone  number  and  email  address  of  the  Group ’ s  Legal  and  Compliance

2  Empowerment  Group  were:  0316-2599721  and  ennlegal@enn.cn ,  respectively.

3  Basic  Requirements  All  units  and  employees  of  ENN  Energy  shall  strictly  abide  by  the  laws  and  regulations  of  China,  regulatory  requirements,  industry  standards,  articles  of  association,  rules  and  regulations  of  the  enterprise,  and  the  laws  and  regulations,  regulatory  requirements  and  international  treaties  of  the  countries  (regions)  in  which  it  operates,  to  operate  legally,  obligatorily  and  honestly.  Employees  should  also  strictly  undertake  their  compliance  obligations,  be  loyal  to  the  Company,  be  dedicated  to  their  positions,  protect  the  Company ’ s  confidentiality,  maintain  the  reputation  of  the  Company,  and  resolutely  resist  illegal  and  non-compliant  activities.

4  1.  The  Company  and  Employees  1.1  Ensure  Fair  Treatment  ENN  Energy  adheres  to  the  principle  of  legal  employment,  and  strictly  follows  the  principles  of  legality,  fairness,  equality,  voluntariness,  honesty  and  trust  when  signing,  performing,  changing  or  terminating  labour  relations  with  employees.  ENN  Energy  respects  each  other  and  treats  people  with  courtesy,  and  we  judge  all  candidates  and  employees  based  on  their  qualifications  and  demonstrated  professional  skills  and  achievements.  ENN  Energy  never  discriminates  against  or  perform  unfair  treatment  to  our  employees  on  the  basis  of  race,  colour,  religion,  gender,  nationality,  ethnicity,  age,  disability,  marital  status,  etc.  1.2  Avoid  Conflicts  of  Interest  and  Prohibit  Transfer  of  Benefits  All  employees  of  ENN  Energy  should  avoid  situations  that  may  lead  to  conflict  between  personal  interests  and  the  legitimate  business  interests  of  the  Company,  and  should  make  correct  decisions  from  the  perspective  of  the  team,  work  and  the  Company  in  the  course  of  business  operation.  Without  authorisation  or  recognition  from  the  Company,  employees  should  not  use  the  Company ’ s  assets  and  information  for  personal  purposes  and  shall  not  seek  any  inappropriate  benefits  for  themselves  or  others.  Employees  should  not  compete  with  the  Company,  assist  competitors  or  deal  with  other  conflicts  of  interest  under  all  circumstances.  Employees  are  not  allowed  to  invest  in  non-listed  companies  that  may  be  in  a  competitive  relationship  with  the  Company  or  take  up  concurrent  positions  in  companies  that  are  our  competitors,  or  provide  assistance  to  competitors.  Employees  should  not  seek  improper  benefits  for  themselves  or  others  by  taking  advantage  of  their  positions,  nor  should  any  employees  intervene  or  interfere  with  the  Company ’ s  bidding,  contract  signing,  market  access  and  other  businesses,  or  designate  specific  trading  partners,  or  disclose  insider  information  to  related  parties.  Employees  are  not  allowed  to  invest  in  unlisted  enterprises  or  take  up  part-time  positions  in  other  entities  without  the  consent  of  the  Company.  If  you  have  any  questions  about  the  presence  of  conflict  of  interest  or  transfer  of  benefits,  you  may  consult  the  Compliance  Department  of  the  Company.

5  1.3  Regulate  External  Communication  External  acts  of  employees  on  behalf  of  the  Company  must  be  approved  or  authorised  by  the  Company.  Such  external  acts  include  but  not  limited  to  inspecting,  negotiating,  signing,  tendering,  bidding,  guaranteeing,  attending  other  related  business  activities  that  involve  proving,  expressing  opinions  on  the  media  on  behalf  of  the  Company,  publishing  information,  or  attending  public  events  in  the  name  of  the  Company  or  the  name  of  the  Company ’ s  employees,  or  making  reference  to  and  using  various  cases  studies  of  ENN  Energy  in  public  events  as  a  non-ENN  employee.  1.4  Maintain  Good  Working  Atmosphere  ENN  does  not  tolerate  any  personal  discrimination  or  harassment.  Employees  should  respect,  trust  and  help  each  other,  and  should  not  insult  or  harass  others  in  the  form  of  speech  or  action,  and  should  not  disseminate  rumours  or  other  defamatory  or  discriminatory  information.  If  you  feel  uncomfortable  with  your  colleagues ’  discrimination  or  harassment  to  you  at  the  workplace  or  seeing  others  being  harassed,  please  report  to  your  supervisors  or  the  Compliance  Department  of  the  Company.  We  put  strong  emphasis  on  ensuring  a  good  working  atmosphere  and  must  investigate  suspected  cases.  Employees  who  conduct  harassment,  discrimination  or  improper  conduct  against  others  are  subjected  to  penalties,  including  termination  of  labour  contracts.

6  2.  Quality,  Health,  Safety  and  Environmental  Protection  2.1  Environmental  Protection  Environmental  protection  is  the  fundamental  national  policy  of  China.  ENN  Energy ’ s  organisations  and  business  partners  at  all  levels  must  fulfil  their  environmental  responsibilities  when  engaging  in  production  and  other  business  activities,  help  improve  the  environment  for  the  blue  sky  and  clear  water.  2.2  Continuous  Improvement  and  Advancement  in  Product  and  Service  Quality  ENN  Energy  upholds  the  target  of  “ Zero  Defect ”  for  our  products  and  services  as  the  golden  rule,  and  will  continue  to  enhance  the  quality  of  products  and  services  through  quality  improvement  and  technological  innovation.  Employees  must  strictly  follow  the  requirements  of  standard  specifications  and  technology,  pay  attention  to  every  aspect  of  product  and  service  quality,  and  pursue  customer  satisfaction  and  customer  loyalty.  2.3  Caring  for  Employees ’  Safety  and  Health  In  the  course  of  production  and  other  business  activities,  all  levels  of  ENN  Energy ’ s  organizations  must  provide  their  business  partners  with  safe  working  environment,  safety  training,  sanitation  conditions  and  protective  measures  in  accordance  with  laws,  and  prevent  safety  incidents  during  operation  by  raising  their  risk  awareness.  2.4  Ensure  Safe  Production  ENN  Energy  complies  with  the  laws  and  regulations  on  safe  production,  strengthens  the  management  of  safe  production,  establishes  and  comprehends  safe  production  responsibility  scheme  and  regulations,  improves  safe  production  conditions,  pushes  forward  the  safe  production  standards,  continuously  improves  and  ensures  the  level  of  production  safety.  Our  business  partners  should  with  the  safety  operation  rules  for  their  roles,  continuously  improve  the  safety  practice,  and  fulfil  their  responsibilities  in  safe  production  in  accordance  with  the  law.  2.5  QHSE  Management  for  Contractors  and  Suppliers  The  Company  should  establish  the  rules  for  pre-qualification  of  QHSE  for  contractors/suppliers,  accurately  perceive  the  performance  ability  of  contractors/suppliers  for  complying  with  contracts,  strengthen  the  access  review  of  contractors/suppliers,  and  guide  them  to  fully  understand  the  quality,  health,  safety  and  environmental  protection  requirements  of  ENN  Energy,  so  that  they

7  can  comply  with  the  QHSE  rules  in  undertaking  the  contracts.  Relevant  requirements  for  suppliers  to  provide  products  specification  shall  be  specified  to  ensure  that  their  products  meet  the  relevant  national,  industrial  and  corporate  standards.  The  performance  of  contractors/suppliers  shall  be  evaluated  in  accordance  with  the  service  evaluation  rules  of  contractors/suppliers  to  ensure  that  they  comply  with  the  requirements  of  ENN  Energy.  2.6  Strengthen  Emergency  Management  ENN  Energy ’ s  employees  at  all  levels  should  regularly  inspect,  assess  and  monitor  the  sources  of  hazards  of  the  Company,  formulate  and  implement  emergency  plans,  establish  emergency  rescue  groups  or  designate  part-time  emergency  rescue  personnel,  equip  necessary  emergency  rescue  equipment  and  materials,  inform  business  partners  and  relevant  personnel  of  the  emergency  measures  that  should  be  taken  in  case  of  emergency,  and  regularly  organise  emergency  rescue  drills.  Business  partners  shall  be  equipped  with  emergency  handling  procedures  and  continuously  improve  emergency  response  skills.  The  emergency  response  shall  follow  the  centralised  command,  and  take  precautions,  evacuation,  rescue,  and  other  measures  according  to  the  requirements  of  the  plan  and  the  actual  situation.

8  3.  Business  Engagement  3.1  Engagement  with  business  partners  ENN  Energy  seeks  to  cooperate  with  business  partners  who  share  the  same  standards  with  us.  We  treat  business  partners  fairly  in  all  business  practices  and  make  business  decisions  based  on  lawful  business  considerations  and  standards  rather  than  personal  relationships  or  interests.  In  selecting  business  partners,  we  will  strictly  evaluate  the  qualification,  integrity  and  compliance  performance  of  business  partners,  and  select  business  partners  with  good  reputation  and  complete  qualifications.  When  carrying  out  procurement  activities  of  different  scales,  we  will  strictly  follow  the  procurement  process  of  ENN  Energy  to  judge  the  situation  and  conditions  objectively  and  make  fair  choices.  We  always  adhere  to  our  commitments  and  strict  performance  in  business  cooperation  to  avoid  non-conformance  of  contracts  and  credence.  3.2  Prohibition  of  Corruption  and  Bribery  We  comply  with  all  applicable  domestic  and  foreign  anti-corruption  laws  and  regulations  and  will  not  directly  or  indirectly  provide  any  valuable  items  or  benefits  to  any  person,  including  government  officials,  to  influence  the  integrity  of  the  officials ’  work  or  gain  improper  advantages  as  defined  by  relevant  laws.  We  firmly  oppose  commercial  bribery,  not  only  do  we  strictly  prohibit  giving  advantages  directly  or  indirectly  to  others  for  obtaining  business  opportunities  and  benefits,  but  also  prohibit  any  employee  from  directly  or  indirectly  accepting  or  soliciting  benefits  from  others  in  business  activities,  including  but  not  limited  to  cash,  coupons,  securities,  cash  equivalents,  physical  goods,  rebates,  etc.  For  business  and  social  etiquette,  we  allow  to  accept  or  offer  small,  commemorative,  and  appropriate  gifts  to  business  partners,  as  well  as  proper  reception.  No  gifts  or  reception  that  do  not  meet  the  Company ’ s  requirements  or  may  affect  business  decisions  are  allowed.  To  the  extent  that  is  permitted  by  laws,  regulations  and  the  Company ’ s  system,  the  Company  may  explicitly  give  discount  to  the  counterparty  or  pay  commission  to  the  agent,  but  it  shall  be  accounted  truthfully.  The  discounts  and  commissions  accepted  by  the  Company  according  to  normal  procedures  shall  also  be  recorded  truthfully.  Employees  themselves  are  not  allowed  to  accept  any  rebates  and  commissions.  If  you  have  any  questions  about  the  specific  requirements  and  standards  for  gifts  and  reception,  you  may  check  the  relevant  system  of  the  Company  or  consult  relevant  departments.

9  3.3  Prohibition  of  Improper  Competition  In  the  course  of  commercial  operation,  it  is  prohibited  to  make  up,  disseminate  false  information  or  harm  the  reputation  of  competitors  with  misleading  information.  It  is  prohibited  to  conduct  false  publicity  on  the  contents  of  services,  products,  technologies  and  other  services  provided  to  customers,  or  deliver  certain  information  to  customers  which  are  not  officially  confirmed  by  ENN  Energy  or  published  without  the  consent  of  the  Company,  and  to  deceive  or  mislead  customers.  Infringement  of  the  brand  and  intellectual  property  rights  of  others,  including  but  not  limited  to  trademark  rights,  patent  rights  and  copyrights,  is  prohibited.  3.4  Anti-monopoly  China ’ s  anti-monopoly  laws  are  becoming  more  sophisticated  and  stringent.  Violation  of  anti-monopoly  laws  will  be  subject  to  severe  sanctions.  ENN  Energy  always  advocates  fair  competition  and  opposes  monopolistic  practices.  The  Company  never  enters  into  monopolistic  agreements  with  operators  with  competitive  relationships,  including  but  not  limited  to  fixing  or  changing  the  prices  of  commodities,  limiting  the  quantity  of  commodities  produced  or  sold,  separating  the  markets  for  sale  or  purchase  of  raw  materials,  restricting  the  purchase  of  new  technologies,  new  equipment,  or  restricting  the  development  of  new  technologies  and  new  products,  and  signing  monopolistic  agreements  that  boycott  transactions.  The  Company  does  not  enter  into  monopolistic  agreements  with  the  counterparties,  such  as  fixed  prices  for  the  resale  of  commodities  to  third  parties  and  minimum  prices  for  the  resale  of  commodities  to  third  parties.  In  the  field  where  ENN  Energy  has  a  dominant  market  position,  the  Company  will  not  sell  or  purchase  goods  or  services  at  an  unfairly  high  or  low  price,  sell  at  a  price  lower  than  the  cost  without  justifiable  reasons,  limit  trading  targets,  reject  sales  or  impose  unreasonable  trading  conditions,  and  impose  differentiated  treatment  on  trading  targets.  In  the  event  of  merger,  acquisition  or  acquire  control  over  other  operators  through  other  forms,  the  Company  shall  consult  the  Compliance  Department  of  the  Company  in  advance,  and  shall  report  in  strict  accordance  with  the  procedures  stipulated  by  the  law  if  it  meets  the  standards  for  centralised  examination  of  operators.  3.5  Protect  Consumer  Rights  and  Interests  We  are  committed  to  providing  consumers  with  safe,  reliable  and  high-quality

10  products  and  services  to  meet  the  needs  of  consumers.  We  take  consumer  feedback  seriously  and  continuously  improve  our  products  and  services.  When  dealing  with  consumers,  we  follow  the  principles  of  voluntariness,  equality,  fairness  and  honesty,  pay  attention  to  protecting  the  legitimate  rights  and  interests  of  consumers,  take  and  deal  with  actions  that  damage  the  interests  of  consumers  seriously,  and  accept  and  encourage  the  supervision  of  the  public.  3.6  Compliance  with  Import  and  Export  Trade  Restrictions  We  comply  with  all  import  and  export  laws,  regulations  and  restrictions  in  the  countries  in  which  we  trade,  and  such  laws  and  regulations  apply  to  products,  services,  information,  technology,  goods  or  remuneration,  as  well  as  to  countries  or  third  parties  (including  personnel)  that  have  business  dealings  with  us,  technical  data  relating  to  the  design,  production  and  use  of  products  or  services.  We  should  be  aware  that  any  violation  of  the  relevant  import  and  export  trade  restrictions  or  sanctions  laws  will  cause  serious  losses  to  companies  and  individuals.  When  conducting  business  activities  in  other  countries,  we  shall  ensure  that  the  belongings  comply  with  the  relevant  import  and  export  laws  and  regulations.  Employees  have  the  responsibility  to  understand  the  relevant  laws  and  may  consult  the  Compliance  Department  of  the  Company  should  they  have  any  questions.  3.7  Anti-money  Laundering  Money  laundering  refers  to  the  legalisation  of  illegal  gains  and  the  gains  derived  therefrom  through  various  means  to  cover  up  and  conceal  their  sources  and  nature.  ENN  Energy  will  not  directly  or  indirectly  participate  in  this  exercise.  In  our  business  activities,  we  shall  comply  with  all  applicable  domestic  and  foreign  anti-money  laundering  laws  and  regulations,  conduct  due  diligence  and  fully  understand  our  business  partners.  Precise  judgment  should  be  exercised  when  dealing  with  business  partners  or  customers,  and  any  abnormal  or  suspected  activities  should  be  reported  immediately.  Abnormal  or  suspected  activities  include,  but  not  limited  to  large  cash  payments,  arranging  payments  from  non-participating  parties,  payments  from  abnormal  sources,  and  payments  in  different  currencies  as  stipulated  in  contracts.  We  shall  strictly  comply  with  the  financial  system  and  procedures  of  the  Company,  and  shall  not  accept  any  non-compliant  cash  payment  or  make  any  non-trading  account  or  abnormal  account  payment.  If  there  is  any  suspicious  act  or  concern  before  transaction,  please  consult  the

11  Compliance  Department  of  the  Company  and  keep  relevant  evidence.

12  4.  Government  and  Community  4.1  Compliance  with  Local  Laws  and  Regulations  and  Enhance  Communication  with  the  Government  We  shall  comply  with  all  applicable  laws  and  regulations  where  we  conduct  our  business.  The  Company  advocates  timely,  effective,  legitimate  and  honest  communication  with  the  government,  and  actively  strives  for  the  government ’ s  understanding  and  support  of  the  reasonable  request  from  ENN  Energy.  4.2  Support  Community  Public  Welfare  ENN  Energy  is  committed  to  improving  the  quality  of  life  and  culture  and  promoting  economic  and  social  development  of  the  communities  in  which  it  operates.  ENN  Energy  encourages  the  integration  of  our  public  welfare  facilities  and  services  into  the  communities,  improves  the  quality  of  life,  and  strongly  encourages  employees  to  support  community  welfare  through  volunteer  work,  participation  in  charity  and  community  activities,  and  various  industry  development  associations.  4.3  Respect  Local  Customs  and  Religious  Belief  ENN  Energy  respects  the  religious  beliefs,  interests  and  customs  of  different  regions  and  nationalities  in  the  territory  and  abroad,  and  respects  the  customs  and  religious  beliefs  of  different  employees.  We  provide  services  to  our  customers  by  relying  on  local  habits  and  diversity.

13  5.  Assets  5.1  Protect  the  Company ’ s  Assets  It  is  our  responsibility  to  protect  any  assets  of  ENN  Energy  from  loss,  damage  or  theft.  The  corporate  assets  of  ENN  Energy  comprise  tangible  and  intangible  assets.  Tangible  assets  include  funds,  products,  devices  (including  mobile  devices  and  computers),  facilities,  equipment,  plants,  etc.  Intangible  assets  include  land  use  rights,  mining  rights,  intellectual  property  rights  (including  patent  rights,  trademark  rights,  copyrights,  domain  names,  trade  secrets),  franchise  rights,  etc.  In  the  event  of  theft,  loss,  damage  or  misuse  of  the  company ’ s  assets,  each  employee  is  obliged  to  report  to  the  company ’ s  relevant  department  immediately.  If  an  employee  leaves  the  company  for  any  reason,  he/she  must  return  all  company  assets  under  custody  or  control.  5.2  Protection  of  Intellectual  Property  Rights  We  shall  timely  apply  for  registration  of  new  works  (including  computer  software),  patents,  trademarks  and  domain  names.  Rights  obtained  shall  be  renewed  and  maintained  in  a  timely  manner,  licensing  and  transfers  shall  be  implemented  in  accordance  with  laws  and  regulations  and  the  rules  and  regulations  of  ENN  Energy.  In  case  of  any  infringement  of  the  Company ’ s  intellectual  property  rights,  we  shall  stop  the  infringement  and  keep  the  evidence  of  infringement,  and  if  necessary,  file  a  lawsuit  to  protect  the  Company ’ s  legitimate  rights  and  interests.  To  the  extent  permitted  under  laws  and  regulations,  the  intellectual  property  rights  of  all  achievements  made  by  employees  at  work  belong  to  ENN  Energy.  The  invention  patents  completed  by  the  employees  in  performing  the  Company ’ s  tasks  or  mainly  utilising  the  Company ’ s  resources  should  be  his/her  responsibility  at  work,  and  the  right  holder  is  the  Company,  and  the  employees  are  not  allowed  to  take  it  as  personal  assets.  While  protecting  the  Company ’ s  intellectual  property  rights,  we  shall  also  respect  the  intellectual  property  rights  of  others,  and  shall  obtain  permission  from  the  owner  before  using  them,  so  as  to  prevent  the  violation  of  others  intellectual  property  rights.

14  6.  Corporate  Information  6.1  Data  Security  and  Personal  Information  Protection  ENN  Energy  attaches  great  importance  to  the  protection  of  privacy  and  data  information  of  business  partners,  customers,  consumers  and  employees.  We  will  only  collect,  store  and  use  personal  information  for  legitimate  business  purposes  and  with  the  consent  of  the  other  party.  When  collecting,  using  and  processing  information  involving  individuals  (including  employees),  as  well  as  market,  financial,  personnel  and  strategic  planning  information  of  business  partners  and  other  stakeholders,  the  Company  follows  the  principles  of  legality,  legitimacy  and  necessity,  and  takes  prudent  measures  to  ensure  information  security,  and  does  not  illegally  process,  transmit,  trade,  provide  or  publicly  disclose  the  information  collected.  If  you  discover  that  the  personal  information  or  other  data  and  information  of  business  partners,  customers,  consumers  or  employees  are  stolen  at  work,  please  report  to  the  Compliance  Department  of  the  Company  or  the  Legal  and  Compliance  Empowerment  Group  of  the  Company  in  a  timely  manner.  6.2  Protection  of  Confidential  Information  ENN  Energy ’ s  confidential  information  includes  but  not  limited  to  non-public  information  of  ENN  Energy  and  non-public  information  provided  to  us  by  business  partners,  customers,  consumers,  etc.  We  only  access  such  information  by  devices  that  are  proven  to  be  secured,  and  have  reasonable  justifications  or  is  essential  to  acquire  such  information.  Confidentiality  obligations  shall  be  performed  at  all  times.  Employees  should  also  continue  to  fulfil  their  confidentiality  obligations  after  resignation  or  termination  of  employment.  If  you  leave  the  office  for  any  reason,  you  shall  not  take  away  paper  documents  or  electronic  documents  containing  confidential  information  and  shall  not  copy  them.  Before  sharing  any  confidential  information,  compliance  with  the  Company ’ s  confidentiality  regulations  shall  be  ensured  and  a  confidentiality  agreement  shall  be  signed  before  disclosure.  When  you  communicate  with  others  in  public  places  or  in  meetings,  forums  and  industry  events,  you  should  also  pay  attention  to  avoid  inadvertent  disclosure  of  confidential  information.  If  you  have  any  questions  about  the  use  of  information,  please  consult  the  relevant  information  security  management  department  of  the  Company  in  a  timely  manner.  6.3  Information  Disclosure  in  Accordance  with  Laws  In  terms  of  external  information  disclosure,  ENN  Energy  shall  comply  with  the  relevant  laws,  regulations  and  regulatory  requirements,  and  the  information  to

15  be  disclosed  should  be  in  accordance  with  the  laws  in  a  true,  accurate,  complete  and  timely  manner.  The  external  information  disclosure  shall  be  conducted  by  the  authorised  professionals  of  the  Company  in  accordance  with  the  regulations  of  the  Company.  Any  employee  shall  not  disclose  information  without  authorisation  or  approval.  Each  listed  company  shall  timely  fulfil  its  information  disclosure  obligations  to  shareholders  and  the  market  in  accordance  with  the  relevant  provisions  of  the  securities  and  securities  exchange  laws  of  the  country  or  region  where  it  is  located,  and  shall  timely,  truly,  accurately  and  completely  disclose  information,  and  relevant  documents  shall  be  registered  and  filed  in  accordance  with  the  provisions.  The  listed  company  shall  also  actively  accept  and  cooperate  with  the  regulatory  authorities  in  spot  checks,  actively  provide  complete  data  and  information,  and  assist  the  regulatory  authorities  in  carrying  out  supervision  work.  When  the  authorities  investigate  or  inspect  the  Company,  we  shall  actively  and  appropriately  cooperate  with  the  investigation  or  inspection  work  under  the  guidance  of  the  Compliance  Department  of  the  Company,  including  receiving  inquiries  and  providing  relevant  documents  and  information.  6.4  Strengthen  Information  System  and  Network  Management  ENN  Energy ’ s  information  and  communication  systems,  including  telephone  and  network,  are  essential  to  the  business  of  ENN  Energy  and  should  only  be  used  for  reasonable  business-related  purposes.  The  Company  regularly  carries  out  information  security  risk  assessment  at  the  system  and  network  level,  and  timely  repairs  system  loopholes.  We  deploy  necessary  security  protection  measures  at  data,  terminal,  application  and  network  levels  to  continuously  monitor  the  information  security  situation  and  ensure  rapid  response  and  action  of  security  incidents.  Employees  should  carefully  take  up  relevant  network  knowledge,  comply  with  the  Company ’ s  information  security  management  regulations,  stay  away  from  visiting  illegal  websites,  receiving  suspicious  emails,  downloading  malware,  and  publishing,  downloading  or  receiving  information  which  violate  of  laws  and  regulations.

16  7.  Applicable  Compliance  Standards  in  Different  Countries,  Regions  and  Business  Sectors  In  addition  to  complying  with  the  Code  and  other  policies  and  regulations  of  ENN  Energy,  we  shall  also  comply  with  the  most  stringent  standards  if  local  laws,  regulations  and  customs  are  inconsistent  with  the  provisions  of  the  Code,  when  we  conduct  business  in  other  countries  and  regions.  Similarly,  we  should  comply  with  local  regulations,  policies  and  customs  and  follow  the  most  stringent  standards  when  developing  businesses  across  the  country.  When  conducting  business  in  specific  areas,  we  shall  also  comply  with  the  requirements  and  standards  of  relevant  industries.  If  you  have  any  questions  about  the  applicable  laws  or  compliance  requirements  of  the  places  where  you  operate,  you  should  consult  the  Compliance  Department  of  the  Company  and,  if  necessary,  consult  local  professional  institutions  for  advice  and  assistance.

17  8.  Adhere  to  Compliance  Management  System  The  Code  is  the  guiding  document  in  the  Compliance  Management  System  of  ENN  Energy  and  only  sets  basic  principles  and  requirements  for  the  compliance  obligations  of  the  Company  and  its  employees.  While  complying  with  the  Code,  employees  shall  comply  with  other  specific  Compliance  Management  System  promulgated  and  updated  by  ENN  Energy  from  time  to  time,  including  but  not  limited  to  the  ENN  Energy  Compliance  Management  System  and  compliance  training,  non-compliance  incident  information  report,  compliance  management  evaluation,  conflict  of  interest  management  and  other  supporting  implementation  terms,  as  well  as  the  ENN  Energy  prohibitive/mandatory  norms  guidelines,  registration  guidelines  for  gifts,  anti-corruption  and  anti-commercial  bribery  guidelines,  anti-monopoly  compliance  guidelines,  fair  competition  compliance  management  guidelines,  advertising  regulation  guidelines,  compliance  and  due  diligence  guidelines  for  business  partners,  and  the  Compliance  Management  System,  rules  and  requirements  promulgated  and  updated  by  the  relevant  units.  All  employees  should  carefully  read  the  Code  and  other  Compliance  Management  System,  attend  relevant  trainings,  understand  and  strictly  implement  the  Company ’ s  compliance  management  regulations  and  requirements.

18  9.  Reporting  and  Whistleblowing  ENN  Energy  expects  and  encourages  employees  or  individuals  who  have  a  working  relationship  with  ENN  Energy  to  report  any  acts  that  may  violate  laws,  regulations,  company  systems  and  the  Code  in  a  timely  manner,  so  as  to  protect  the  reputation  of  ENN  Energy  and  prevent  ENN  Energy  from  any  harm.  If  any  employee,  business  partner,  customer,  government  and  other  stakeholders  of  ENN  Energy  are  retaliated  for  reporting  misconduct,  expressing  their  views  as  correct  or  refusing  to  participate  in  actions  that  violate  laws  and  regulations,  company  policies  and  the  Code,  please  report  to  the  Group ’ s  Legal  and  Compliance  Empowerment  Group  immediately.  The  Group  has  set  up  a  centralised  reporting  hotline  and  reporting  email  address,  which  are:  0316-6081111,  jvbao@enn.cn  respectively.

19  10.  Violation  Penalty  For  serious  violations  of  the  requirements  of  the  Code,  ENN  Energy  will  impose  penalties  to  employees  for  serious  violations  in  accordance  with  relevant  regulations.  In  addition  to  the  Company ’ s  internal  penalties,  violation  of  regulations  will  also  result  in  the  organisation  and  individuals  bearing  the  corresponding  civil  and  administrative  liability,  and  if  a  crime  is  suspected,  the  corresponding  party  will  be  transferred  to  the  judicial  authorities  for  criminal  liability.  If  you  are  not  sure  whether  your  actions  will  violate  the  rules,  please  contact  the  Compliance  Department  of  the  Group  or  the  Group ’ s  Legal  and  Compliance  Empowerment  Group  in  a  timely  manner  to  seek  advice  and  help.


</Energy_China_ENN Energy_2021.pdf>