This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Energy_China_CNOOC_2024.pdf>

CNOOC Limited  Compliance Manual for Entities and Employees

Compliance Manual for Entities and Employees

Compliance is a responsibility for all,  compliance is modeled by the management,  compliance creates value,  and compliance starts with action.  Compliance  CNOOC Limited

Address from the Chairman of Board  We operate with the belief that compliance is  the foundation of our success, and integrity  is the foundation on which we stand tall.  Our  commitment to compliance and integrity shall  guide us sailing through the ever-changing  global environment of challenges while we  make greater strides with stead-fastness and  earnestness in the global energy industry.  The Company’s corporate and operational value  is that we strive to be a consistent pioneering  force in the global energy industry and, we  produce safe, economical and sustainable clean  energy products.  Since the very beginning  of CNOOC Limited, we have complied with  applicable laws, regulations, and mandatory  industry standards of those countries in which  we operate.  To further our goals, we promote  a set of ethical standards of integrity and fair  competition, while promoting the learning and  respect of the cultural norms of the countries in  which we operate. In addition, we take proactive  measures to fulfill our social responsibilities  globally. With  these  corporate efforts, the  Company has been realizing  sustained and  sound development while we have established  great international corporate image.  In short,  our commitment to integrity and compliance  have rooted deeply in our corporate tradition and  culture.  We see safety and compliance as rewarding  corporate investments, which not only can earn  trust from our employees, clients, partners, the  local communities and host governments where  we carry out operations and businesses, but also  progress the establishment of our company’s  above-mentioned long term corporate values.  At the Company, our employees are our most  valuable resource. The safety of our employees  and everyone’s compliance conduct are the  cornerstones of our global success. I therefore  strongly encourage every citizen of the Company  to embrace our corporate value and compliance  measures with awareness and self-discipline,  comply with the relevant procedures with  steadfastness and thoroughness. In addition,  we need everyone to protect and defend the  integrity and compliance culture  of the Company  with determination and courage.  Chairman  of CNOOC Limited  Compliance Manual for Entities and Employees

Purpose  01  Scope of Application  02  Compliance Principle  03  Guiding Principles  ·  Abiding by Laws and Regulations, and Company Rules  04  ·  Safeguarding the Company's Reputation and Interests  04  ·  Implementing the Compliance Responsibility  04  CONTENTS

Code of Conduct  ·  Compliance Due Diligence  05  ·  Compliance Training  06  ·  Rights and Interests of Emplyees  06  ·  Health, Safety, and Environment (HSE)  07  ·  No Conflict of Interest or Insider Trading  08  ·  Anti-Corruption, Fraud and Money-laundering  10  ·  Asset Utilization and Protection  12  ·  Data Security and Privacy  13  ·  Financial Reporting, Taxation, and Public Disclosure  15  ·  Anti-trust  17  ·  Trade Compliance  18  ·  Fair Trade and Competition  19  Violations  20  Compliance Consultation and Suggestion  21  Speak Up  22  Supplementary Provisions  23  Annex  24

Purpose  The purpose of this Compliance Manual  and its annexes (“Manual”) is to set out the  basic code of conduct for the Company,  defined below, and its employees.  The  Company refers to CNOOC Limited,  and the branch offices and subsidiaries,  representative offices, project units  established by CNOOC Limited globally  that are wholly or majority owned, or  actually controlled by the Company,  directly or indirectly. This Manual also  intends to set forth the principles and rules  on compliance management, consultation  and  reporting, violation investigations  and disciplinary actions against violation,  and illustrates by example the types of  conduct prohibited by the Company.  This Manual is prepared with the aim to  enhance employee compliance awareness  and promote integrity in the workplace. In  this Manual, actual control of a business  means the control over a business through  a contractual arrangement, a company  charter provision, or law, other than  holding majority shares in the business. Compliance Manual for Entities and Employees  01

Scope of Application  The Manual applies to all domestic and international employees, directors and  officers of the Company, including employees of both CNOOC Limited and its  subordinate entities globally (collectively, the “Employees”).  Contract staff with CNOOC Limited and its controlled subsidiaries, including those  who are assigned to minority-owned companies or other entities, should also comply  with this Manual.  Third parties who represent the Company or work on behalf of the Company shall  follow the provisions of the Manual when engaging in activities on behalf of the  Company.  CNOOC Limited is incorporated in Hong Kong with its shares traded publicly in  Hong Kong and the United States (ADS).  In addition to this Manual, the directors  and senior management of the Company are also required to comply with the Code  of Ethics for Directors and Senior Officers formulated in accordance with applicable  laws, as set out in Annex 2.  02 CNOOC Limited

Compliance  Principle  The Company requires employees to be aware of our  ethical rules, encourage them to hold the rules firmly  in mind, and urge them not to cross the line. For all  business activities that we engage, the Company and  all its employees are required to follow the principle  that “Compliance is a responsibility for all, compliance  is modeled by the management, compliance creates  value, and compliance starts with action”. Compliance Manual for Entities and Employees  03

Guiding Principles  4.3 Implementing the Compliance  Responsibility  4.3.1  The Company shall create a hierarchical  compliance management system that applies to  all employees with each employee’s individual  obligations and responsibilities clearly defined.  4.3.2  The Company shall establish compliance  management policies, business processes,  standards, and implementing guidelines  to facilitate and effectuate the compliance  management system and shall also establish a  mechanism for routine compliance information  sharing and communication.  4.3.3  The Board of Directors is the highest  governing body for ethics, integrity and  c o m p l i a n c e m a n a g e m e n t . T h e B o a r d o f  Directors is responsible for decision-making  and supervision  on compliance management.  The Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") is the  first responsible person for the establishment  of the Company's compliance management  system and the promotion of compliance in the  Company’s business operations. The person  in charge of each entity of the Company is the  primary responsible person for the establishment  of the compliance management system and the  promotion of compliance in such entity.  4.1 Abiding by Laws and Regulations,  and Company Rules  Employees must abide by applicable laws and  regulations, established industry practices  and Company rules.  Employees must be  familiar with the industry norms, customary and  commercial practices in their places of operation  commensurate with their responsibilities. If the  requirements of the Manual conflicts with  the  requirements of applicable international treaties,  laws and regulations, or administrative rules, the  requirements of the latter shall prevail.  4.2 Safeguarding the Company's  Reputation and Interests  The Company attaches great importance to its  corporate social responsibilities and actively  performs relevant obligations. It endeavors to  effectively enhance its corporate image while  improving investment efficiency and accelerating  self-development.  04 CNOOC Limited

Code of Conduct  5.1 Compliance Due Diligence  5.1.1  The Company shall perform appropriate due diligence on suppliers,  intermediaries, and other business partners in accordance with applicable  procedures.  5.1.2  The Company must conduct appropriate compliance due diligence  before engaging third parties (including contracting, entering into new joint  business development, providing donations and sponsorships, etc.), and  must take all necessary precautions based on the third party's reputation  on integrity.  5.1.3  When conducting third-party due diligence, employees must ensure  that the investigation is comprehensive, and properly documented. The  due diligence shall include reviews on the required qualifications and  reputation of the third parties, its trade and tax compliance records, and  internal prevention mechanism on anti-bribery and anti-money laundering.  5.1.4  Employees must ensure that the personal information being  provided during the hiring process, or for position change or compliance  investigations, is truthful. The Company is required to conduct background  checks on employees in accordance with compliance requirement. Compliance Manual for Entities and Employees  05

5.2 Compliance Training  5.2.1  The Company shall develop training programs, organize compliance trainings  and conduct appraisals for employees in accordance with its compliance management  policy.  5.2.2  The Company shall require its employees to sign a Letter of Commitment on  Compliance during the employee on-boarding process, and remind them to comply  strictly with the Manual, Code of Ethics and the Company rules as stated in the Letter  of Commitment on Compliance.  5.2.3  The Company shall require employees to sign an annual statement of compliance  each year to ensure that employees are reminded of the compliance requirements, and  committed to complying with these requirements.  5.2.4  New employees and employees transferred to a new position shall complete  appropriate compliance training and appraisal programs, and shall keep their personal  training records.  5.3 Rights and Interests of Employees  5.3.1  The Company respects and protects the legitimate rights and interests of  employees. The Company executes, implements, modifies, or terminates labor  contracts with employees in accordance with law, and prohibits discrimination in  employment on the ground of nationality, race, culture, religion, or ethnical origin.  5.3.2  The Company shall ensure the legitimate rights and interests of its employees are  protected in terms of labor remuneration, leave and vacation, occupational safety and  health protection, social insurance and vocational skills training, and shall not in any  way derogate from or circumvent its legal obligations to employees.  5.3.3  The Company shall create a fair and just working environment for employees,  and evaluate and promote employees according to their abilities and performance. The  Company shall not discriminate against any employee on grounds such as nationality,  race, culture, religion, age or ethnical origin.  5.3.4  Employees shall not discriminate others on the grounds of nationality, race,  culture, religion, age, or ethnical origin.  5.3.5  Employees shall not resort to violence or threats.  5.3.6  Employees shall not physically or verbally intimidate or humiliate others.  5.3.7  Employees shall be fit for work and unaffected by drug or alcohol abuse.  5.3.8  If a person acts or behaves in a way that can reasonably be considered as  harassment, the employees shall speak up and stop such behavior.  06 CNOOC Limited

5.4 Health, Safety, and Environment  (HSE)  5 . 4 . 1  T h e  C o m p a n y  i s  c o m m i t t e d  t o  building long-term social contribution and  avoid negative impact on ecosystems and  biodiversity, and aims to utilize energy, water  and other resources efficiently.  5.4.2  Employees must comply with applicable  laws and regulations and relevant Company  rules relating to environment and occupational  health and safety.  5 . 4 . 3  T h e  C o m p a n y  e m p h a s i z e s  o n  m a i n t a i n i n g g o o d c o m m u n i c a t i o n w i t h  indigenous people and the communities in  which it operates, and on using communication  methods that are consistent with local customs  and practices, endeavors to reduce potential  negative impacts on indigenous people, local  land use, etc. from its operations.  5.4.4  Employees shall value and promote  respect for the indigenous people and the  communities in which they work, develop  mutually beneficial long-term relationships with  them, respect their culture, lawful rights and  interests. Compliance Manual for Entities and Employees  07 07

5.5 No Conflict of Interest or  Insider Trading  5.5.1  Employees must balance personal  and corporate interests to avoid conflicts.  Employees shall not take advantage of  their employment or use their influence to  effectuate transfer of the Company’s interests  to other companies or individuals.  5.5.2  Employees shall not use corporate  assets and information for their personal  gain or the benefits of others.  Employees  may act on behalf of the Company only after  obtaining proper authorization.  Employees  are prohibited from conducting the following  activities without authorization: engaging in  inspection, negotiating and contracting with  business partners, soliciting or submitting  b i d s ,  p r o v i d i n g  g u a r a n t e e s ,  i s s u i n g  certificates or conducting other business  activities in the name of the Company or  executive officers, or contacting media,  making statements or releasing information  on behalf of the Company.  5.5.3  Employees must exercise authority  delegated by the Company properly. It is  prohibited to abuse delegated authority  for personal gain.  No employee shall  intervene or interfere with such matters as  supplier admission, bidding and contracting,  designate or instruct to designate a specific  transaction partner, nor shall any employees  divulge pre-tender estimate and other insider  information to any special related persons.  5.5.4  Employees shall not obtain economic  interests directly or indirectly from any other  enterprise or business entity in violation of  their duties or obligations to the Company  during their employment period.  5.5.5  Employees shall not take part-time jobs  in any entity that competes with the Company  or provide assistance to any competitor.  5.5.6  Employees shall not concurrently work  as a director, representative, employee,  partner, consultant or agent of, or provide  s e r v i c e s  t o ,  a  s u p p l i e r,  c u s t o m e r  o r  competitor of the Company.  5.5.7  Employees shall not obtain loans or  personal debt guarantees from important  customers, suppliers or competitors of  08 CNOOC Limited

concerns on conflicts of interest, including  circumstances in which relatives or family  members are involved.  Family members of an  employee include (1) the employee's spouse,  children and such children’s spouses; (2) the  employee's parents, siblings and such siblings’  spouses; and (3) parents of the employee's  spouse, siblings of the employee's spouse and  such siblings’ spouses.  5 . 5 . 1 0  P r i o r t o t h e p u b l i c d i s c l o s u r e o f  information, employees must not use information  relevant to the Company or third parties obtained  during the course of their work to trade stock  or securities of the Company or third parties or  share such information with outsiders to make  a profit or trade the stock or securities of the  Company or third parties.  the Company, nor shall employees engage  in personal financial transactions with the  aforementioned entities. However, employees  are not prohibited from conducting normal  transactions with publicly recognized banks or  other financial institutions.  5.5.8  After leaving the Company, employees  shall not engage in any business or operate  for others in any business that is similar to the  business of the former employer within the  agreed non-competition period and shall not  enter into transactions, directly or indirectly, with  the former employer as a supplier or distributor  or engage in other activities that are detrimental  to the interests of the Company.  5.5.9  Employees shall promptly report to the  Company any situation that may give rise to Compliance Manual for Entities and Employees  09

5.6  Anti-Corruption, Fraud and Money-  laundering  5.6.1  The Company shall always comply with  a p p l i c a b l e a n t i - c o r r u p t i o n a n d a n t i - m o n e y  laundering laws and the United Nations Convention  against Corruption. No employee is allowed to  conduct direct or indirect commercial bribery. It is  prohibited to offer benefits to third parties, business  partners and government officials for improper  business opportunities and advantages, and it  is also prohibited for any employee to accept, or  demand benefits from others in business activities.  The aforesaid prohibitions not only refer to direct  payment and receipt, but also the payment and  receipt made through a third party. Such benefits  include but are not limited to cash, cash gifts,  negotiable securities, in-kind items, rebates,  travel and entertainment expenses, employment  opportunities and other non-property benefits.  5.6.2  Discounts or commissions may be expressly  provided in relation to a business transaction in  compliance with laws and rules, provided that no  off-the-book rebate or commission be given. Any  discount or commission accepted in line with the  normal procedures in the external transactions shall  be truthfully recorded, and no rebate or commission  may be accepted by employees themselves.  5.6.3  Payment of fees for advertising, promotion,  consultancy, sponsorship, etc., shall strictly follow  relevant rules. Supervising personnel shall review  such payment rigorously to avoid improper transfer  of benefits.  5 . 6 . 4  G i f t g i v i n g , c h a r i t a b l e d o n a t i o n s o r  entertainment activities must follow applicable  laws and regulations as well as relevant rules; and  shall be recorded in detail. No conditions shall be  attached to the recipients.  5.6.5  Employees shall not give gifts, make  charitable donations or provide entertainment on  behalf of the Company without approval, or carry  out hospitality and charitable donation in violation  of local laws, donate to social organizations which  have potential business interests with the Company,  pay charitable money in cash, remit donation to  a private account, or include sponsorship in the  scope of charitable donation.  10 CNOOC Limited

5.6.6  Employees shall not give  or receive extravagant, lavish  or uncustomary gifts to or from  business partners which might  i n f l u e n c e  o r  b e  p e r c e i v e d  t o  influence a business decision of the  Company, or a business partner.  5 . 6 . 7  E m p l o y e e s m u s t f o l l o w  relevant business standards and  c o m p a n y p o l i c i e s , a s w e l l a s  local laws and regulations, when  exchanging gifts with, providing  hospitality to or organizing other  activities involving external business  partners and government officials.  5 . 6 . 8  E m p l o y e e s  s h a l l  n o t  participate in political activities or  make political donations in host  countries (regions) in violation  o f l o c a l l a w s a n d r e g u l a t i o n s  and relevant business standards  and policies of the Company.  Employees shall not participation in  the above-mentioned activities that  lead to adverse consequences.  5.6.9  Employees must comply with  applicable anti-money laundering  laws. Employees and the Company  are prohibited from concealing  illegal funds or otherwise attempting  to legitimize illegal funds, and no  payment shall be made to non-  trading accounts and abnormal  business accounts. Employees and  the Company shall avoid dealing  with counterparties suspected of  money laundering.  5.6.10  If an employee suspects  or knows of corruption within  the Company or by any party  (company or individual) with whom  the Company does business, the  employee shall report it immediately  to the immediate supervisor or  to the compliance management  department, the audit department,  or through the compliant channels. Compliance Manual for Entities and Employees  11

5.7.1  Employees must abide by the Company  rules relevant to asset management, utilize  assets appropriately and effectively to avoid  waste, loss and damage; employees shall  not thieve the Company’s assets and shall  protect the Company’s assets from theft  and infringement; employees shall not sell,  transfer or otherwise dispose of Company  assets without approval and authorization.  Employees shall report abuse or infringement  of the Company’s assets to the relevant  management departments in a timely manner.  5.7.2  Employees shall not use the Company’s  funds or assets for illegal and/or improper  purposes.  5.7.3  When incorporating a company, if the  relevant laws and regulations of the place  of incorporation require the mandatory  investment of local shareholders, such  company incorporation must be reported to  the Company for approval. At the dissolution  of the company, the company’s assets shall  be inventoried, turned over and transferred as  required by the Company rules.  5.7.4  The Company shall legally obtain and  hold the permits, qualifications and licenses  required for the operation of its business, and  shall not rent, lend, transfer or borrow any  permits, qualifications, and licenses.  5.7.5  Employees are expected to use social  media appropriately when representing the  Company. The use of the company name and  brand on social media, even by the employee  him/herself as an individual, must also  comply with the relevant requirements of the  Company.  5.7.6  The Company shall apply for registration  or register new inventions-creations, products,  service marks and domain names in a timely  manner, and renew and maintain the acquired  rights effectively. The Company is required  to effectively regulate the implementation  and transfer of licenses, and effectively  protect intellectual property rights of the  Company. Violation of the intellectual property  rights of the Company shall be promptly  restrained once found, attention shall be paid  to the preservation of evidence, and legal  proceeding shall be initiated when necessary.  Inventions by employees during performance  of Company tasks, or inventions created  mainly by using resources of the Company,  which are service inventions-creations, belong  to the Company, and the employees who  actually created the invention shall not claim  ownership of those inventions, but shall be  entitled to rights provided for by law.  5.7.7  The use of intellectual property rights of  third parties is allowed only when agreements  have been reached with and permits have  been obtained from the right holders. When  researching and developing new products  and new technologies, search on intellectual  property rights must be performed to avoid  infringing others’ rights. In particular, when  cooperating with overseas companies, it is  required to search and analyze the destination  countries (regions) with respect to foreign-  related intellectual properties and formulate  the prevention and control measures against  being infringed by third parties or infringing on  intellectual property rights of third parties.  5.7 Asset Utilization and Protection  12 CNOOC Limited

5.8 Data Security and Privacy  5.8.1  The Company shall comply  with relevant laws of China and the  host countries (regions) regarding  data security and privacy protection,  establish and optimize effective cyber-  space security and privacy protection  management system,  and ensure  the information security measures (in  terms of technical, business, personnel,  and commercial information, etc.)  are in place.  Employees shall store  and use work-related materials and  information properly, and control access  to such information in accordance with  Company rules.  5 . 8 . 2  P e r s o n a l  i n f o r m a t i o n  a n d  important data collected and generated  in the domestic operation shall be stored  within the nation. Export of important  information and data is prohibited. If  it is indeed necessary to provide such  information and data to overseas  parties due to business needs, relevant  parties shall conduct an evaluation in  accordance with applicable national  laws and regulations on the security  evaluation of personal information  and important data to be transmitted  abroad, obtain the necessary consent  or go through necessary approval  procedures.  5.8.3 New employees are required  to sign a confidentiality agreement.  E m p l o y e e s  s h a l l  n o t  d i s c l o s e ,  declare, release trade secrets or other  confidential information or use such  information without the approval of the  Company. Employees shall reasonably  prevent any leak of information or  potential leak of information, and  e s c a l a t e  i s s u e s  u p  t h e  c h a i n  o f  command. Compliance Manual for Entities and Employees  13

5.8.4  Disclosure of any information relating to the  Company’s operation to an outsider for business  needs may only be made after obtaining  approval in accordance with the Company rules,  and the execution of a confidentiality agreement  between the disclosing and receiving parties.  Employees who receive confidential business  information from a business partner are required  to maintain confidentiality of such business  information pursuant to applicable laws and  relevant agreements between the parties.  5.8.5  Upon termination of the employment  relationship with the Company, an employee  must return all properties, including media of all  forms, without keeping any duplicate information.  The employee will still be subject to the  confidentiality obligations that are consistent with  the law after the termination of the employment  relationship.  5.8.6  Employees shall voluntarily avoid the  Company’s trade secrets that do not fall within  the scope of their work.  5.8.7  The Company is responsible for the  physical security of its networks, servers,  terminals, storage devices and other facilities  under its control. The transmission, storage  and use of commercial sensitive information  shall comply with the Company's confidentiality  measures. Any data storage media that contains  business related proprietary data shall not  be handed over to a third party without prior  approval; and can be disposed of only after  being processed by responsible IT staff.  5.8.8  Employees shall not use the Company  network or data storage space on the network  for recreational purposes or to store personal  data.  5.8.9  Employees shall not store work-related  materials and information on their personal  network or data storage media.  5.8.10  The Company and its employees must  protect personal data from misuse, accidental,  unlawful or unauthorized access,collection ,  disclosure, impairment, destruction, loss, inability  to use.  5.8.11  The Company shall only collect personal  data for specified, explicit and legitimate  purposes, and must ensure the data is accurate,  compatible with the purpose for which it  was collected, and consistent with the data  minimization principle.  5.8.12  With respect to matters not covered in this  sub-section, employees are required to abide by  relevant data security and confidentiality rules  of the Company; if conflicts arise with applicable  laws and regulations of any host country (region),  the laws and regulations of the host country  (region) shall prevail.  14 CNOOC Limited

5.9.1  The Company must abide by  the Company rules on accounting,  and conduct transactions, financial  lending and reimbursement in strict  compliance with relevant management  review and approval procedures to  ensure true and accurate recording in  the ledgers, financial statements and  documents; only actual expenditures  incurred from business operations  and in compliance with relevant  Company rules shall be reimbursed.  Expenditures that were not actually  incurred, or were not incurred for  b u s i n e s s  o p e r a t i o n s ,  s h a l l  n o t  be reimbursed. Employees shall  not hide or withhold income, use  revenue income to finance expenses,  m i s a p p r o p r i a t e  o r  o t h e r w i s e  inappropriately transfer funds.  5.9.2 Accounting records and financial  reports must comply with relevant  laws and regulations, and accounting  standards. Information and data shall  be authentic, accurate, complete and  timely. Relevant financial records  shall not be concealed, falsified or  tempered, nor can false financial  reports and related information be  fabricated, provided or disclosed.  5.9.3 The Company shall pay taxes  in accordance with law, actively  fulfill its obligation to withhold and  pay taxes, and truthfully reflect to  the tax authorities the production  and operation of the company and  the implementation of the financial  policies. The Company shall provide  the corresponding statements and  information according to the relevant  provisions to tax authorities, and shall  not conceal, omit, misrepresentation,  or commit tax evasion or tax leakage.  5.9.4 The Company shall comply with  financial and accounting reporting  and disclosure requirements of the  countries (regions) where the entities  conduct business, and disclose  information related to business,  financial status and operation results  in a timely and correct manner. The  Company shall not provide false  financial information, or otherwise  engaging in coercing, manipulating,  misleading or fraudulent activities that  may directly or indirectly impact the  audit of the Company.  5.9 Financial Reporting, Taxation, and Public Disclosure Compliance Manual for Entities and Employees  15

5.9.5  The Company shall keep good  record of all accounting vouchers and  related approval documents to ensure  complete and accurate accounting books  and records in strict compliance with  regulations and Company rules.  5.9.6  The business with incompatible duties  shall not be handled by same person.  5.9.7  Employees shall not make false  or misleading entries, or otherwise  concealing undisclosed or unrecorded  funds, payments or receipts of funds.  5.9.8  Employees must make timely  reporting when they find that financial  reports are erroneous, incomplete or  untimely, especially for issues in relation  to the inconsistency between financial  results and the performance of related  businesses, transactions without obvious  business objectives and irregularities on  approval procedures.  5.9.9  Employees shall not gain unfair  advantage by manipulating, concealing,  abusing privileged information, distorting  facts, or any other unfair trade behaviors.  5.9.10  Employees shall not publicly  d i s c l o s e t h e b u s i n e s s a c t i v i t i e s o f  the Company without authorization.  If authorized to disclose information,  e m p l o y e e s  m u s t  c o m p l y  w i t h  t h e  Company's disclosure policy to ensure  that the information is true, accurate,  consistent and not misleading.  16 CNOOC Limited

5.10 Anti-trust  5.10.1  The Company supports free competition,  seeks to compete fairly within the framework  of applicable competition laws, and will not  prevent others from competing freely with us.  The Company and employees must comply with  antitrust laws of host countries (regions), and  relevant industry practice, and shall not engage  in monopolistic practices that unreasonably  restrain competition in the market.  5.10.2  Employees shall refrain from discussing  confidential commercially sensitive information  with competitors, and shall not consult with  competitors about business decisions in violation  of antitrust laws.  5 . 1 0 . 3  W h e n m e e t i n g w i t h c o m p e t i t o r s ,  employees must abide by applicable laws and  regulations and company rules and regulations.  Employees shall not discuss the following  matters with competitors: prices, discounts or  costs, terms to be submitted in response to a  tender, market allocation, and other matters that  restrict market competition.  5.10.4  If any of the above matters is mentioned  at a meeting, employees must object and  request immediate stop of the discussion. If the  employee is unable to stop the discussion, he  or she must leave the meeting and report to the  immediate superior at once.  5.10.5  Where the Company acquires control  over other operators or is able to control other  operators through mergers, acquisition of  equity or assets, contracts or other means,  which reaches the threshold for declaration  of the concentration of business operators, it  shall make a declaration to competent antitrust  authority in accordance with law. If any doubts  remain, employees can consult with relevant  authorities for opinion in advance. Compliance Manual for Entities and Employees  17

5.11 Trade Compliance  5.11.1  The Company attach importance  to export controls and trade sanctions  to avoid violations that may lead to  additional costs, delays, loss of import  and export rights, reputational damage,  fines and/or imprisonment.  5.11.2  Employees must abide by  the relevant laws and regulations of  international trade and the Company’s  policies .  5.11.3  The Company shall conduct  export control and economic sanctions  risk assessment for its major business  related to export control, including  p r o c u r e m e n t  a n d  s u p p l y  c h a i n  management, terminal product export  a n d i n t e r n a t i o n a l b u s i n e s s , a n d  formulate corresponding measures.  5.11.4  The Company shall strengthen  the compliance investigation and  screening of trading counterparties, in  order to understand their background  comprehensively and deeply, identify  risky ones, and determine whether  they are subject to specific country and  regional sanctions.  5.11.5  The Company shall archive  and preserve records of cross-border  trade transactions and transaction  agreements, and record the time, content  and decision-making procedures, etc.  5.11.6  The Company shall provide  training on economic sanctions and  export control rules for employees,  especially those in positions closely  related to import and export trade and  investment, for them to understand the  rules and procedures of export control.  5.11.7  Before engaging in cross-  border transfers of goods, technology,  software or services, employees must  be aware of the potential impact of  applicable export control laws and  sanctions.  5.11.8  Employees must understand  w h i c h  o f  t h e  e x p o r t  c o n t r o l s  o r  sanctions may result in restrictions or  prohibitions on the business conducted  and the possible legal consequences.  5.11.9  When transferring goods or  services cross national border to other  countries, employees must understand  and ensure the satisfaction of import  requirements and compliance with  customs charges and other taxes.  5.11.10  Employees shall not bring  restricted goods into a country without  declaration or import prohibited goods.  18 CNOOC Limited 18

5.12 Fair Trade and Competition  5 . 1 2 . 1  E m p l o y e e s m u s t d e a l f a i r l y a n d  impartially with suppliers, customers and third-  party business partners, and employee shall not  accept any improper advantage from suppliers,  customers and third-party business partners.  5.12.2  Employees shall not provide any improper  benefit payments to suppliers, customers or  other persons through relevant third parties in  the form of consulting fees, brokerage fees,  labor fees, etc.  5.12.3  The Company shall keep its integrity in  the performance of contractual engagements  with suppliers, customers and third-party  business partners.  5.12.4  In the course of doing business with  the Company, third-party business partners  shall strictly abide by all applicable laws  and regulations,  industry  practices and the  Company's Code of Ethics, accurately record  and disclose information about their business  activities, organizational structure, economic  conditions and operating performance; they  cannot obtain illegitimate interests through  bribery, fraud, collusion, coercion, embezzlement  of assets, unfair competition, conflicts of interest  or other means.  5.12.5  Employees shall not win customers  through unfair competition means (such as fraud,  collusion, etc.); shall not maliciously steal or  abuse competitors' trade secrets; shall not make  false statements about competitors' business  activities; and shall not reach any agreement  or arrangement with competitors to harm the  interests of customers in order to reduce fierce  competition with competitors. Compliance Manual for Entities and Employees  19

Violations  6.1  Breaches of this Manual and the Company  rules may constitute a violation. Such behavior  or conduct will be investigated and dealt with in  accordance with applicable laws and regulations  and relevant Company rules.  6.0  20 CNOOC Limited

7.0  Compliance Consultation and  Suggestion  7.1  During the implementation of  the Manual, employees who have  compliance-related issues or concerns  may consult with the Company’s  internal departments responsible for  compliance consultation.  7.2  Employees can express their  suggestions on the Manual directly  to the Risk Mangement, Internal  Control and Compliace Mangement  Office("RMICC office") by sending  formal letters, e-mails, etc. Compliance Manual for Entities and Employees  21

Speak Up  8.1  Employees have the obligation to report  actual, perceived or potential illegal or  unethical behavior and will promptly report the  relevant matters to the Company.  8.2  Employees shall make complaints based  on facts and be responsible for the content  of their complaints. Employees shall not  fabricate or make up facts or retaliate others.  8.3  Employees can use complaint channels  to express or report concerns. For more  information, please visit the CNOOC Limited's  website.  8.4  The Company will promptly initiate  an investigation of each reported actual,  perceived or potential violation and will take  necessary remedial measures as appropriate  in compliance with the applicable laws and  Company rules. If the reported matter is  believed to constitute a violation of applicable  laws, it will be investigated and, if appropriate,  reported to the responsible government  authority.  8.5  The Company will protect and award  whistle-blowers, and will not tolerate any  retaliation against whistle-blowers.  22 CNOOC Limited

Supplementary Provisions  9.1  During the implementation, the  Manual is subject to updates and  improvements in order to respond to  changes in the external regulatory  and internal management needs, and  the Company will release the latest  version in a timely manner.  9.2  If any branch or subsidiary is  required to establish and improve its  own compliance management system  and implementing rules, it should do  so in accordance with applicable local  laws and regulations, the Manual, and  relevant Company rules.  9 . 3  T h e  C o m p a n y  w i l l  a r r a n g e  training sessions on the Manual for  employees.  9.4  Employees shall familiarize  themselves with the Manual, and  shall sign the Letter of Commitment  o n  C o m p l i a n c e .  T h e  L e t t e r  o f  C o m m i t m e n t  o n  C o m p l i a n c e  i s  a n e s s e n t i a l a t t a c h m e n t t o t h e  employment contract. Compliance Manual for Entities and Employees  23

Annex  Annex 1: Code of Ethics for CNOOC Limited  Annex 2: Code of Ethics for Directors and Senior Officers  Annex 3: Letter of Commitment on Compliance (Sample)  24 CNOOC Limited

Annex 1: Code of Ethics for CNOOC Limited  1.Our Compliance Principle  3.What We Expect of You  3.1 Compliance Due Diligence  and Training  3.2 People and Safety  Compliance Due Diligence  Compliance Training  Protection of Employees' Rights and  Interests  Health, Safety and Environment  2.Our Standards and  Compliance with Law  We require employees to be familiar with our  ethical rules, encourage them to hold the rules  firmly in mind, and urge them not to cross the  line; and all of us shall follow the principle that  “compliance is a responsibility for all, compliance  is modelled by management, compliance creates  value, and compliance starts with action”.  This principle is fundamental to all our work.  The Code of Conduct provides guidance and  recommends on how to avoid circumstances  that may place you or CNOOC Limited in an  undesirable situation. It sets high standards and  guides you on how to meet them. This Code  applies to every employee, director or officer of  CNOOC Limited. Directors and Senior Officers  must also comply with the Code of Ethics for  Directors and Senior Officers.  We will conduct compliance due diligence on our  suppliers, intermediaries, and other business  partners in accordance with relevant company  procedures. You are required to follow these  procedures and either conduct due diligence on  third parties yourself following the Company’s  policy, or cooperate with such due diligence.  We will develop compliance training and  appraisal programs for our employees based on  our assessment of the need for such programs,  and will arrange for employees to participate in  training and appraisal sessions. You are required  to attend the compliance training sessions and  cooperate in the appraisals arranged for you.  We are committed to protecting the legal rights  and interests of our employees. We have a  zero-tolerance policy for discrimination based  on prohibited grounds including ethnicity,  geographic location, gender, age, or nationality,  and for workplace harassment of any kind on  any ground. We are committed to maintaining  a work environment that is free from bullying,  harassment and discrimination, where all  individuals are treated with dignity and respect.  You have the duty to protect your own health,  safety and wellbeing, and the health, safety  and wellbeing of  your coworkers and the  E v e r y w h e r e  w e  c o n d u c t  b u s i n e s s ,  o u r  commitment to safety and integrity stays the  same. To help guide our actions and comply  with law, we have established business  standards (“Standards”) to provide us with a  common framework for managing our business,  addressing ethical concerns and navigating  many of our everyday decisions. You are  required to make yourself familiar and comply  with all our Standards. Underpinning the  Standards is, of course, our commitment to fully  comply with relevant laws, rules and regulations.  You will be responsible for any action in  violation of this Code of Ethics. Meanwhile, the  business partners we work with shall share our  compliance values, are aware of our ethical  standards, and undertake to maintain integrity  and compliance jointly with us. Compliance Manual for Entities and Employees  25

3.3 No Conflict of Interest or  Insider Dealing  3.4 Anti-Bribery and Corruption  and Anti-Money Laundering  Sustainable Development  Respect for and Promotion of  Relationship with Communities and  Indigenous Peoples  No Alcohol or Drugs  No Insider Dealing  No Conflict of Interest  Anti-Bribery and Corruption  Employees shall proactively avoid or manage,  and where appropriate, report conflicts of  interest. Actual or perceived conflicts of interest  may cause damage to the Company’s business  interests and reputation. You must not take  advantage of your position or authority within  the Company to achieve personal gain. You are  also prohibited to use the Company’s assets and  We are committed to conducting business in  an honest and ethical manner, which reflects  the highest standards of integrity in compliance  with relevant laws and regulations. No one may  directly or indirectly give, solicit or accept any  form of bribery. Bribery acts may be overt (and  thus easily identifiable) or disguised. Acceptance  You must comply with all applicable laws when  trading shares. Insider trading is illegal and  strictly prohibited by CNOOC Limited. For  publicly traded securities, we are committed  to the principles of fair and open markets and  compliance with all applicable securities laws  and exchange rules.  We are committed to a sustainable growth  model that helps meet the world’s growing  energy needs in ways that are economically,  environmentally, and socially responsible. We  will make efforts to balance our short- and long-  term interests, and integrate economic, health,  safety, security, environmental, and social  considerations into business decisions.  W e  v a l u e  a n d  p r o m o t e  r e s p e c t  f o r  t h e  communities in which we work. Our business  practices are consistent with applicable laws and  regulatory requirements. We are committed to  establishing and developing long-term mutually  beneficial relationships with local communities  and indigenous peoples, respecting their rights  and interests protected by local laws and  regulations.  Actual or perceived conflicts of interest can  easily arise in supply chain activities. We  have detailed business procedures that  must be followed including no intervention or  interference with supplier access, bidding and  disclosure of bid information;  A conflict of interest may arise if an individual  is simultaneously employed or engaged by a  business or entity that competes with CNOOC  Limited or where losses are caused to CNOOC  Limited by the simultaneously employment;  Whilst you are not prohibited from conducting  normal transactions with publicly recognized  banks or financial institutions, you must not  obtain loans or personal debt guarantees from  important customers, suppliers or competitors of  CNOOC Limited, or conduct any other personal  financial transactions with them;  Actual or perceived conflicts of interest are not  always readily identifiable, as they may involve  personal life that is not known to the Company,  and activities of family members may also create  conflicts of interest, therefore, if you believe  there is an actual or perceived conflict of interest,  please report it to the Company immediately.  All employees shall be fit for work and  unaffected by alcohol and drugs abuse.  local community, and the  duty to protect the  environment. We are committed to providing a  safe, healthy and productive work environment  aligned with laws and regulations and industry  best practices. Our commitment to health, safety  and environmental protection is embedded in our  culture and is an essential component of how we  create long-term value.  information to seek personal gain. Below are  examples of where  conflicts  of interest may occur.  26 CNOOC Limited

Interaction with Government Officials  Anti-money Laundering  3.5 Protection of Company  Assets  3.6 Company Information  and Personal Privacy  Protection of Our Resources  Protection of Reputation  Protection of Intellectual Property  Protection of and Respect for  Confidentiality  Acceptable Use of Information  Technology  You are required to abide by the Company’s  asset management rules, utilize assets properly  and efficiently to avoid waste, loss and damage.  You must protect and respect intellectual  property rights and protect CNOOC Limited’s  assets from theft and external damage, and may  not use or dispose of the Company’s assets  without approval and authorization.  You must not breach confidentiality when  conducting business activities. Any non-public  company information that you become aware of in  connection with your employment must be treated  as confidential and proprietary to the Company.  You must use the information technology in  accordance with the Company’s expectations.  The Company ensures ensure assets and  services are used appropriately in order to  protect the Company and its employees.  We must maintain the Company’s reputation.  The use of the Company’s name and brand on  social media, either representing the Company  or in the name of an individual employee, must  comply with the relevant requirements of the  Company.  The Company respects Intellectual Property  rights, include patents, trademarks, know-  how, and trade secrets. You must follow the  Company’s standards on Intellectual Property.  of hospitality, opportunities or other benefits  offered by others for the purpose of obtaining  returns may constitute or be perceived as  bribery. The indirect acceptance (e.g. through  a third party) of benefits could also be deemed  as bribery. The benefits can be cash or gifts,  securities, physical items, rebates, travel  and entertainment expenses or employment  opportunities. Accordingly, it is critical that you  speak up immediately, should you become  aware of any instances of bribery or corruption.  The offering of gifts and hospitality (“G&H”)  including travel-related expenses for government  officials creates special concerns. You shall  not offer G&H to the spouses, family members  or guests of government officials. You shall  not pay for non-business travel and hospitality  for any government official. You must comply  with all applicable laws and with CNOOC  Limited’s internal procedures regarding G&H to  government officials.  You shall not knowingly conduct any business  activities in violation of applicable anti-money  laundering 1  law. Examples of prohibited activities  include, but are not limited to: dealing with  criminal proceeds in business activities, hiding  the origin or nature of criminal property, and  facilitating the acquisition, ownership or control  of criminal gains.  In addition, you must follow due diligence  requirements on knowing your prospective  business partner, which may include researching  and documenting its reputation, qualifications,  management information, ownership and control  structure, background and past performance,  and examining its audited or unaudited financial  statement.  You must ensure that business transactions on  behalf of the Company do not involve monetary  proceeds or property acquired through crime. If  you have knowledge or suspicion that a business  partner is involved in money laundering, you  must promptly report it to the compliance  department.  1 Money laundering refers to the process used to disguise the source of  money or assets derived from criminal activity. Compliance Manual for Entities and Employees  27

3.9 Competition Compliance  3.8 Trade Compliance  3.7 Financial Reporting  and Public Disclosure  3.10 Values-based Decisions  Antitrust  Anti-unfair Competition  Recognition and Protection of Our  Financial System, and Undertaking of  Reporting and Tax Obligations  Personal Privacy  Public Disclosure  You must comply with the antitrust rules that  apply in your field of work. We are committed to  fair competition, and accordingly our business  activities must comply with the antitrust law  of the jurisdiction where we have business  operation.  We conduct business solely on the basis of free  and unhindered competition, and follow market  economy principles.  You must respect privacy, and safeguard the  security of personal information and data. We  will take steps to ensure compliance with legal  requirements for the management of personal  information collected by the Company.  You must not make public disclosures about  CNOOC Limited’s business activities without  proper authorization. If you are authorized to  disclosure information, information disclosed  must be true, accurate, consistent and not  misleading.  You shall abide by applicable national and  international trade compliance regulations. Trade  compliance regulations include regulations  governing the import, export and domestic  trading of goods, technology, software and  services, and economic sanctions rules.  The answers to these questions will help you  reach the appropriate decision .  But if you are not  sure, speak with your manager or a member of  the local leadership team for guidance.  You must value and protect our financial system  and undertake the reporting obligations. We  ensure the accuracy and completeness of our  business records. We create, maintain and  retain our business records in accordance with  the laws of the country in which the business  is located and the applicable accounting  standards. We have a robust process for  estimation, validation and reporting in order  t o m e e t l e g a l , b u s i n e s s a n d r e g u l a t o r y  requirements, as well as public expectations.  You shall make timely reporting whenever you  find any record is erroneous, incomplete or  untimely. We pay taxes in accordance with the  law and fulfill our obligations to withhold taxes.  You should make values-based decisions in  everything you do. Our Business Standards  g u i d e d e c i s i o n s i n m a n y s i t u a t i o n s a n d  scenarios, but they can’t address every possible  circumstance, and are not a substitute for  exercising good judgement. When faced with  a decision where there is no specific guidance  and no clear positions to be taken, you need to  make that decision by employing a values-based  approach and consider the following:  Will there be any impact on health, safety or  the environment?  Is it legal and consistent with our standards?  Will it result in an outcome that is fair, honest  and respectful?  Is it aligned with our values and long-term  business goals?  Will it negatively impact others, our business or  our reputation?  28 CNOOC Limited

Tell Us  If you encounter problems when implementing  this Code, or if you have any suggestions on  this Code, you can directly consult and make  suggestions to departments with compliance  consulting functions.  We are all expected to raise concerns in good  faith, particularly when one or more elements of  the Code of Ethics are compromised. Retaliation  against anyone who speaks up about potential  or actual violations is not acceptable and will not  be tolerated. Appropriate action will be taken  where an employee retaliates against someone  who speaks up. A range of possibilities are  available for individuals who need to speak up  on any issue. You are encouraged first to speak  to your manager. If speaking to your manager  does not seem like a suitable option, matters  may be reported through the complaint channels  set up by the Company.  You can use complaint channels to express or  report concerns. For more information, please  visit the website of CNOOC Limited.  Thank you for taking the time to read this Code  of Ethics. It will help you understand the major  risks you and CNOOC Limited face in terms of  ethical operation of the business, understand  your responsibilities, and enable you to  contribute in the maintenance of the Company’s  reputation.  We encourage you to reread this Code when  you encounter new challenges or when you are  transferred to a new position. We expect you to  live up to the requirements of this Code in your  daily work and always make the right decisions.  Speaking Up  Complaints Concerning  Violation of Integrity and  Compliance  Complaints Channels  For more information, please visit the CNOOC  Limited's website.  Annex 2: Code of Ethics  for Directors and Senior  Officers Compliance Manual for Entities and Employees  29

Annex 3:  To ：  ____________________________  I hereby acknowledge receipt, review and understanding of the  CNOOC Limited Compliance Manual  for Entities and Employees , including the  Code of Ethics , and agree to be bound by and comply with  the terms set forth in the Manual and applicable Company rules.  Name:  Date:  Letter of Commitment on Compliance (Sample)  30 CNOOC Limited

Registered Office  65/F, Bank of China Tower  1 Garden Road  Hong Kong  Tel: (852) 2213 2500  Fax: (852) 2525 9322  Beijing Office  No.25 Chaoyangmenbei Dajie, Dongcheng District  Beijing  China  Zip Code: 100010  Website: www.cnoocltd.com  @ CNOOC Limited 2020  Version 1.0 Printed in November 2020  Permission to reproduce any part of this publication shall be sought from CNOOC Limited.  If there are discrepancies between the translated version and Chinese version, the Chinese version will prevail.


</Energy_China_CNOOC_2024.pdf>