This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Energy_China_PetroChina_2024.pdf>

Integrity and Compliance  Guidelines  PetroChina company  Limited



Integrity and Compliance Guidelines  PetroChina Company Limited

PetroChina Company Limited  is  an  integrated  internation - al  energy  company  with  businesses  covering  oil  &  gas  operations,  oilfield  services,  petroleum  engineering  and  construction,  equipment  manufactur -  ing,  financial  services  and  new  energies  development.  Operating  in  various  countries  and  regions,  the  Company  needs  to  follow  relevant  laws  and  inter -  national  rules,  respond  to  demands  and  expectations  of  stakeholders,  and  especially,  get  through  a  more  challenging  external  environment.  All  these  re -  quire  that  CNPC  remain  committed  to  our  value  of  integrity  and  compliance  and act as a role model in compliance with laws and regulations.  Message from the Chairman

Law and regulation-based governance is our guideline for corporate man- agement, and the guarantee for vitality and sustainable development.  We always take integrity and compliance as the fundamental requirement, and operate in strict accordance with the code of business ethics, so as to strengthen management, prevent risks and ensure development on the basis of full compliance with laws and regulations. Every employee is obliged to ensure integrity and compliance. And the rep- utation and sound development of the Company count on the effort of the entire staff. Each of us must foster the awareness of integrity and compli- ance, abide by laws and regulations, observe contracts, honor commitment, maintain full compliance in our operations, and make sure the red lines of compliance are never crossed. The new edition of the Integrity and Com- pliance Guidelines provides a clear code of conduct and guides to action. Each employee is expected to read the Guidelines carefully, keep integrity and compliance in mind and act accordingly, in an effort to improve CNPC’s image and reputation and facilitate its high-quality development for the Com- pany to be a world-class integrated energy company built to last.  Chairman of CNPC

Notes to Users  2  Production and Construction  4  1. Ensuring Safe Production 2. Protecting the Environment 3. Improving Quality of Products and Services Business Engagement  8  1. Establishing a Good Business Partnership 2. Prohibiting Bribery 3. Abiding by Anti-Monopoly Regulations 4. Prohibiting Unfair Competition 5. Avoiding Sanctions and Export Control Risks Labor and Employment  14  1. Establishing a Harmonious Employment Relationship 2. Avoiding Interest Conflicts and Other Misconducts Contents

Financial Affairs, Taxation and Assets  18  1. Strict Enforcement of Fiscal and Taxation Systems 2. Properly Using and Protecting Company Assets 3. Abiding by Anti-money Laundering Regulations Information Protection  22  1. Keeping Confidential Information 2. Protecting Personal Information 3. Safeguarding Information Security Governments and Communities  26  Index  28

Scope of Application of the  Integrity and Compliance  Guidelines  The Guidelines apply to all CNPC em -  ployees. All CNPC representatives (or  agents) and other personnel conducting  any business operations in the name of  CNPC must abide by relevant provisions  of the Guidelines.  In the Guidelines, “CNPC”, “the Compa -  ny”  and  “we”  all  refer  to PetroChina  Company Limited  and  all  their  branches  and  subsidiaries.  “You”  and  “CNPC  employees”  refer  to  all  CNPC  employees,  including  members  of  the  board of directors, board of supervisors,  and senior management.  Notes to Users  2

Consequences of Viola- tions against Applicable Laws and Regulations and the Guidelines  We should recognize that any violation against applicable laws, regulations and the Guidelines may cause serious neg- ative consequences to the Company and/or relevant individuals. The Company may suffer the following serious consequences:  ◎  Damages to reputation and brand value;  ◎  Liabilities for compensation, confis- cation of income, fines or penalties;  ◎  Loss of business opportunities and economic loss if the Company is black- listed. The individuals may be subject to dis- ciplinary measures by the Company. For those committing serious violations, their labor contracts may be terminated and they may even be investigated for criminal liabilities.  3  How to Use the Guidelines  The Guidelines summarize the basic principles and the code of conduct for all CNPC employees to understand and observe. In addition, employees should also comply with laws, regulations and other rules and regulations of CNPC. In overseas business, if local laws and mandatory provisions are inconsistent with the provisions in the Guidelines, the strictest ones should prevail. In absence of specific provisions on rel- evant matters in the Guidelines, CNPC employees should make judgments in consideration of the followings when making decisions related to such mat- ters:  ◎  Whether such matters are in confor- mity with applicable laws, regulations and the Company’s rules and regula- tions;  ◎  Whether such matters are in confor- mity with the Guidelines;  ◎  Whether such matters are in con- formity with the Company’s values and principles;  ◎  Whether such matters will have neg- ative impact on the Company’s reputa- tion.

4  Production and Construction  Upholding the philosophy of “People-oriented, quality foremost, safe- ty first, environment prioritized”, we rigorously comply with the QHSE related laws and regulations in countries (regions) where we operate. The Company has always adhered to the quality principles of “honest, credible, and better always” and pursued the quality goals of “Zero accidents, zero defects, domestic leader and world-class player”. The Company is committed to its HSE policies of “People oriented, giving priority to prevention, all staff participation, and continuous improve- ment”, and spares no efforts to achieve the HSE targets of “Zero inju- ries, zero accidents and zero pollution”. It wins the society’s trust with quality products and services, and excellent HSE performance. Our contractors, suppliers and other business partners play a direct and important role in our efforts to achieve quality and HSE targets. We further strengthen our access management and communicate our integrity and compliance principles and objectives to our business part- ners for mutual compliance.

5  Production and Construction  You should  You should not  Fully understand and strictly follow safe production laws, regulations, as well as relevant protocols and operation specifications of CNPC regarding the responsibilities of your position; Identify hazards, evaluate risks and master proper control meth- ods before you start to work; Wear and use necessary protec- tive equipment; Report potential safety hazards and issues; Get familiar with emergency re- sponse plans for safety accidents and participate in emergency drills.  Take on work-related matters for which you are not qualified; Operate in violation of relevant protocols or specifications, or give commands or orders to do so; Initiate operations even though you are aware of potential haz- ards that may cause major acci- dents, without taking measures to eliminate the risk; Conceal, delay reporting or falsely report safety accidents; Drink or use illegal substances on working premises and/or during working hours.  1  Ensuring Safe Production  We are engaged in a business which involves high risks, and safety is always the top priority. We always keep “never seeking development at the cost of safety” in mind and have fostered the notion of “all accidents can be avoid- ed”. In the meantime, we carefully identify risks and hazards, work hard to eliminate accidents, explicate the primary responsibility, to ensure safe pro- duction and continuously improve safety profile.

6  Fully consider the actual or po- tential negative impact of your behavior on the environment and the ecology; Save resources; Immediately report any leakage of harmful substances or other situations that may damage the environment, as required.  Operate without necessary envi- ronmental permits; Discharge pollutants or dispose wastes in violation of the regula- tions.  2  Protecting the Environment  The Company earnestly implements the concept of “Lucid waters and lush mountains are invaluable assets”. It always adheres to the principle of “de- veloping while protecting, protecting while developing, and giving priority to the protection of environment”, and never makes concession in ecological and environmental protection. In the meantime, the Company vigorously implements Green & low-carbon Strategy and accelerates the development of clean production and environmental protection industries, thus building a low-carbon energy supply system, and promoting green and low-carbon transition. We embrace international treaties and agreements regarding ecological en- vironment protection, and participate in international cooperation on climate change. We also carry out environmental impact assessment, follow regulato- ry requirements regarding pollutant discharge permits, adhere to the principle of simultaneously designing, constructing and applying pollution prevention & control facilities together with the main projects, thus forming a “mechanism featuring simultaneous operations in three aspects” that matches our project investment and environmental protection responsibility.  Production and Construction  CNPC  Integrity and Compliance Guidelines 2021  You should  You should not

7  3  Improving Quality of Products and Services  Quality is the lifeline of a company. We uphold the concept of “quality brings safety and benefits”, implement full-process quality control and keep improv- ing the quality of products and services with science-based management systems and advanced technological methods. We carry forward the “craftsmanship spirit”, honor our commitment on quali- ty, and earnestly safeguard the interests of consumers. Learn about the laws, regulations and standards regarding quality; Strictly abide by various require- ments and specifications during the production processes.  Adulterate products or offer fake or shoddy products; Sell expired or deteriorated prod- ucts; Forge or fake quality marks.  Production and Construction  You should  You should not

8  Business Engagement  We uphold the principles of honesty, equal consultation, mutual ben- efits, and win-win cooperation, and comply with business ethics, laws and regulations in business activities.

9  1  Establishing a Good Business Partnership  Our business partners include suppliers, contractors, sub-contractors, agents, distributors, joint venture partners and customers. The development of the Company cannot be separated from the support and help of our busi- ness partners, and we look forward to establishing a partnership with mutual respect and trust with them. We treat all business partners fairly and equally. We prudently select our business partners based on in-depth understanding, investigation and evaluation of their performance on integrity and compliance, and organize due diligence when necessary. Any improper behavior of busi- ness partners will not only harm the Company’s interests and reputation, but also cause legal liabilities for the company. Treat all business partners in an honest, respectful and responsi- ble manner; Fulfill contractual obligations in good faith.  Encourage, hint or tacitly allow business partners to employ any behavior in violation of laws or business ethnics; Delay delivery and/or payment without any legitimate reason when fulfilling the contract.  You should  You should not  Business Engagement

10  2  Prohibiting Bribery  Bribery, as an act of unfair competition, not only harms the interests of stake- holders, but also poses serious damage to the market order of fair competition. We strictly abide by all the applicable anti-bribery laws and international con- ventions, and resolutely oppose and prohibit all forms of bribery. To maintain our good cooperation with business partners, the Company allows moderate gifts and hospitality, but prohibits any improper gift and hospitali- ty. When making donations and sponsorships, we must be cautious to avoid any risk of bribery. More importantly, we should never get involved in any poli- tics-related donations or sponsorships. Legal discounts and commissions are allowed, but only between business partners and never with individual employ- ees.  For specific anti-bribery requirements, you may refer to the Company’s  Anti-brib- ery Guidelines  and corresponding policies and protocols..  Strictly follow the Company’s reg- ulations and standards, and fulfill relevant approval and registration procedures when offering gifts and hospitality; Be more cautious when providing governmental officials and public servants with gifts or hospitality; Be explicit when offering dis- counts or commissions, and make truthful records accordingly.  Offer/ accept gifts or hospitality that are not in conformity with the Company’s regulations or that may pose an influence on business decision-making (including those offered at your own expense); Make payments to the management or employees of business partners in the form of commissions, referral fees, reimbursement, etc; Demand gifts or hospitality from business partners; Give bribery directly or through any third parties; Make any facilitation payment (allowed only when the life of em- ployees or assets of the Company are in danger, provided that such payments are reported to the Com- pany and truthfully and accurately recorded in financial accounts).  Business Engagement  CNPC  Integrity and Compliance Guidelines 2021  You should  You should not

11  3  Abiding by Anti-Monopoly Regulations  Monopoly disrupts the market order of fair competition, and harms the inter- est of consumers and the society. We always engage in fair and free competi- tion within the legal framework, strictly abide by the anti-monopoly laws of the countries (regions) where we operate, and prohibit all monopolistic behaviors that undermine fair competition. Monopoly is the act of excluding and restricting competition, which typically features monopoly agreement with competitors, abuse of dominant market position, and concentration of undertakings that may hinder competition. We should keep an eye on these monopolistic behaviors when we participate in market competition.  For more specific anti-monopoly regulations of the Company and/or if you have any questions, please refer to the Company’s  Guidelines on Anti-monop- oly  or consult the Legal Department.  Submit marketing plans, pricing strategies, joint venture cooperation and merge & acquisition docu- ments to the Legal Department for review; Definitely refuse to discuss the following sensitive information re- garding market competition with competitors: price, cost, sales, customers and clients, terms of transaction, markets, R&D, etc.; When interacting with competitors, be cautious to evaluate monop- oly risks, and consult the Legal Department in a timely manner in case of any doubt.  Share or discuss any competition- sensitive information with com- petitors; Reach agreement with competi- tors on the followings:  -  Fixing or changing commodity prices;  -  Production or sales volume of products;  - Market segmentation, etc. Involve in bid-rigging; Restrict the resale prices of dis- tributors; Abuse dominant market position.  Business Engagement  You should  You should not

12  4  Prohibiting Unfair Competition  Laws also prohibit other forms of unfair competitions in addition to bribery and monopoly. We should strictly abide by relevant regulations and partici- pate in competition fairly and legally in accordance with the principles of “vol- untary, equal, fair and honest.” Show respect to competitors and other market players; Objectively and truthfully advertise the Company’s products and ser- vices; Consult the Legal Department when planning sweepstakes and other promotion campaigns.  Discredit or slander your competi- tors; Organize sweepstakes in violation of the regulations; Counterfeit trademarks, trade na- mes, packaging, etc.  Business Engagement  CNPC  Integrity and Compliance Guidelines 2021  You should  You should not

13  5  Avoiding Sanctions and Export Control Risks  Economic sanctions are commonly imposed on specific countries, specific industries and/or entities/ individuals of specific countries for national security or foreign policy purposes through restrictions on transfer of funds, trade and economic resources. Export control usually takes the form of permit appli- cation system, ban on the export/ re-export to specific countries, specific end-users, or ban on the export/ re-export of specific end-use items based on the list of controlled items (dual-use items or sensitive products and tech- nologies, etc.). Fully understand specific regu- lations regarding sanctions and export control, as well as relevant counter laws, get familiar with the specific targets and contents of such sanctions and control, and consult the Legal Department and relevant professionals if you have any questions.  Engage in any business in viola- tion of sanctions or export control laws and regulations; Tr y t o g e t a ro u n d a p p l i c a b l e sanctions or export control laws and regulations through any third parties (e.g. logistics suppliers, agents or distributors).  You should  You should not  Business Engagement

14  Labor and Employment

15  Labor and Employment

16  1  Establishing a Harmonious Employment Relationship  Keeping the concept of “people-oriented” in mind, we strictly abide by ap- plicable international conventions concerning labor and human rights, and relevant laws of the countries (regions) where we operate, respect and safe- guard the legitimate rights and interests of employees according to law, value their safety and health, and build a sound platform to promote their all-round development, thus realizing the common improvement of their personal value and enterprise value. We establish employment relationship with employees based on the princi- ples of “fairness, legitimacy, equality, free will and honesty”. We form labor safety and health systems, optimize the occupational health management standard, and make all endeavors to avoid accidents during work and occu- pational hazards, thus safeguarding the legitimate rights and interests of em- ployees. Respect colleagues with different nationalities, races, genders, eth- nic customs and religious beliefs; Follow the Company’s labor and work disciplines, work in a civ- ilized manner, and treat people politely; Unite with colleagues and help one another; Make complaints and appeals in a lawful and proper manner.  Have words and behaviors that may offend, insult and harass col- leagues; Engage in activities not related to work in the workplace and during working hours; Spread rumors or other defamato- ry and discriminatory information about colleagues; Inquire and disseminate colleagues’ privacy.  Labor and Employment  CNPC  Integrity and Compliance Guidelines 2021  You should  You should not

17  2  Avoiding Interest Conflicts and Other Misconducts  Employees should correctly handle the relation between their personal inter- ests and interests of the Company. Whether they are carrying out job duties or personal affairs, they must never do anything that can harm the interests of the Company or its reputation. Employees are expected to avoid any conflict between their personal interests and the Company’s interests, and no one would illegally transfer the Company’s interests to other enterprises and indi- viduals by leveraging job convenience. Take the initiative to report any possible conflict of interests; Take avoidance when handling matters that may involve conflict of interests; Obtain approval and authorization before making decisions on behalf of the Company.  Invest directly or indirectly in non-listed enterprises that com- pete with the Company without the Company’s consent; Assist others in competing with the Company; Take part-time jobs without the consent of the Company; Seek improper benefits and inter- ests for yourself or others by using the Company’s assets and infor- mation.  Labor and Employment  You should  You should not

18  Financial Affairs,  Taxation and Assets

19  1  Strict Enforcement of Fiscal and Taxation Systems  Abiding by relevant laws and accounting standards, we truthfully, accurately and completely record accounting information, prepare financial statements, establish accounting archives, and resolutely say no to financial fraud. We fulfill our duty of  tax declaration, tax payment and tax withholding and remit- tance according to law, disclose tax information according to regulations, and preserve true, accurate and complete tax-related materials that satisfy the requirements of relevant tax authorities. Follow relevant review and ap- proval procedures when making external payment, advancing pay- ments, or applying for reimburse- ments; Issue and obtain invoices for ac- tual expenditures.  Apply for reimbursement for ex- penses that have not actually incurred or were incurred in activi- ties other than duty performance; W ithhold, misappropriate and transfer the Company’s funds; Re-sell or purchase invoice in vio- lation of the laws.  Financial Affairs, Taxation and Assets  You should  You should not

20  2  Properly Using and Protecting Company Assets  Company assets are the material foundation for the Company’s sustainable development, which include tangible assets such as oil and gas wells, pipe- lines, facilities, buildings, machines, and equipment, and intangible ones such as mining rights, land usage rights, intellectual property rights and goodwill. Loss, misappropriation or abuse of Company assets caused by improper management or use will have serious adverse impact on our production and operation, so each of us should properly use and protect Company assets. Keep and use Company assets in accordance with relevant systems and regulations; Protect the Company’s intellectual property rights; Maintain the Company’s brand reputation.  Use Company assets for illegal purposes; Waste or damage Company assets; Dispose of Company assets with- out permission; Infringe on others’ intellectual prop- erty rights.  Financial Affairs, Taxation and Assets  CNPC  Integrity and Compliance Guidelines 2021  You should  You should not

21  3  A b i d i n g b y A n t i - m o n e y L a u n d e r i n g Regulations  Money-laundering is the hiding and disguising of the source and nature of illegal gains and proceeds by an individual or organization by using various measures so as to create the appearance that such gains and proceeds orig- inate from a legitimate source. Money laundering is prohibited by law, which seriously affects the reputation of enterprises. We must comply with all appli- cable Anti-money Laundering laws, and establish corresponding systems and procedures to prevent ourselves from being taken advantage of by criminals who intend to launder money. Do due diligence on the legality of the transaction counterparty and the source of transaction funds. Immediately consult relevant de- partments and preserve evidenc- es in case of suspicious money laundering activities.  Engage in money laundering; Rent or lend the Company’s li- censes, accounts, bank cards, USB keys and QR codes for re- ceiving or paying money without authorization.  Financial Affairs, Taxation and Assets  You should  You should not

22  Information Protection

23  1  Keeping Confidential Information  Confidential information concerns the interests of the Company. We further strengthen the confidentiality awareness of all personnel, establish a confi- dentiality system, and improve confidentiality measures to avoid losses and leaks of confidential information. Properly keep, use and transmit confidential information; Immediately report and take time- ly rectification measures for any leak or potential leak of confiden- tial information.  Disclose confidential information in violation of regulations; Refer to confidential information in public places and private commu- nication; Post confidential information on social media; Disclose confidential information during interviews and in published articles; Save and transmit confidential in- formation through non-secret-relat- ed devices and facilities; Disclose the Company’s confidential information without authorization and approval.  Information Protection  You should  You should not

24  2  Protecting Personal Information  It is our duty to protect personal information. We must strictly abide by the laws on information protection of international organizations and countries (regions) where we operate, and collect, store and use personal information according to law. Obtain the consent of individuals before collecting their personal information; Use personal information according to law; Properly keep personal information to avoid any loss or leak.  Collect personal information by fraud and deception; Obtain personal information from illegal channels; Publicly disclose and sell personal information.  Information Protection  CNPC  Integrity and Compliance Guidelines 2021  You should  You should not

25  3  Safeguarding Information Security  The development of Internet technology has greatly facilitated our work and life, but information security risks emerge accordingly. It is vital for the Com- pany to effectively prevent these risks. We implement a graded protection system on network security, and take necessary measures to prevent the Company’s network from attacks, breaches, interference and sabotage, so as to keep the network in stable and reliable operation and ensure informa- tion security. Learn and acquire knowledge re- garding information security, and participate in information security training; Stay alert to harmful programs and network attacks; Report information security risks and incidents without delay.  Log in illegal websites or download malicious software; Click to check suspicious e-mails or links; Disclose or disseminate illegal in- formation.  Information Protection  You should  You should not

26  Governments and Communities  The support from governments, communities and residents are ex- tremely important to the Company’s sustainable development. The Company emphasizes the communication and cooperation with gov- ernments, makes positive effort in building constructive and strategic relationship with governments, and accepts the supervision and man- agement of governments. We take concrete measures to fulfill social responsibilities, actively participate in community public welfare under- takings and attach importance to the public interests of local communi- ties so that they can benefit from our actions.

27  Respect the culture, customs and religious beliefs of countries (re- gions) where we operate; Apologize promptly and sincerely if you unintentionally break local taboos.  Seek illegal and improper benefits by leveraging the relationship with governments; Engage in production activities with no regard for any possible adverse impact on local commu- nities and residents; Engage in behaviors that impair the legitimate rights of local com- munities and residents; Use taboo words or pictures or illustrations in relevant countries (regions) in business communica- tion and the advertisement and publicity of the Company.  Governments and Communities  You should  You should not

28  A  Advertisement and Publicity  …………… 27 Anti-money Laundering  ………………… 21 Anti-monopoly  ………………………… 11  B  Bribery  ……………………………  10,12  C  Commissions  …………………………… 10 Community  ……………………………… 26 Company Assets  …………………  17,20 Competitors  ………………………  11,12 Concentration of Undertakings  ……… 11 Confidentiality  …………………………… 23 Conflict of Interests  …………………… 17 Contractors  ……………………………4,9  D  Disclose  ……………………… 19,23,24,25 Discount………………………………….10 Discriminatory  ………………………… 16 Dominant Market Position  …………… 11  E  Ecology  …………………………………  6 Environmental Protection  ………………  6 Ethnic Customs  ………………………… 16  F  Financial Statements  …………………… 19 Fiscal and Taxation System  …………… 19  G  Gifts  ……………………………………… 10 Governments  ………………………  26,27  H  Health  …………………………………… 16 Honest  ……………………… 4,8,9,12,16  I  Integrity  …………………………………4,9 Intellectual Property Rights  …………… 20  Index  Index  CNPC  Integrity and Compliance Guidelines 2021

29  M  Monopoly  …………………………  11,12  P  Part-time Jobs  ………………………… 17 Public Welfare Undertakings…………… 26  Q  QHSE  ……………………………………  4 Quality  ………………………………  4,7,16  R  Reimbursement  ……………………  10,19 Religious Beliefs  ……………………  16,27  S  Slander  ………………………………… 12 Sweepstakes  …………………………… 12 Supplier  ……………………………  4,9,13  T  Tangible Assets  ………………………… 20 Third Parties  ………………………  10,13 Transaction  …………………………  11,21  U  Unfair Competition …………………  10,12  W  Work Disciplines  ……………………… 16



Letter of Commitment  I hereby confirm that I have carefully read and learned the con- tents of the CNPC’s Integrity and Compliance Guidelines. I fully understand the integrity and compliance requirements and conse- quences of violating them, and hereby make a formal commitment to complying with relevant rules and regulations. Signature: Date:

©  PetroChina Company  Limited , 2021.  All rights reserved. The Guidelines, in part or in whole, may not  be reproduced, translated, republished, propagated, or used  in any other improper way without prior written permission  from  PetroChina Company  .  For more information, employees may log on the Compliance  Management Information Platform  (http://ecp.cnpc) via the internal network.  Printed using recycled paper.


</Energy_China_PetroChina_2024.pdf>