Daigas Group Code of Business Conduct

The Daigas Group's corporate social responsibility is to create new value through fair competition, thereby contributing to society. In fulfilling this responsibility, compliance is of utmost importance for the Daigas Group.
The Daigas Group Code of Business Conduct ("the Code") sets the standards of conduct that all individuals working in the Daigas Group, including directors, officers, and employees, must follow to ensure compliance with applicable laws and regulations in our business operations.
As we conduct our business in alignment with the Code, which serves as the foundation for the Group's other internal rules, we must always adhere to the spirit and intent of the Code -even in circumstances that fall outside its expected situations, which we might encounter in the rapidly changing business environment.
By delivering on our responsibility in accordance with this Code as well as the Daigas Group Charter of Business Conduct, we aim to be a corporate group that continues to be recognized for its excellence in business operations and needed by customers and society. Simultaneously, we strive to continue evolving as a corporate group in which we take pride in working.

1. Respecting human rights

・We recognize that our conduct in every aspect must be based on our maximum respect for human rights.
・We maintain our proper knowledge about human rights and treat our customers, business partners, supply chains, employees, and community members in all countries and regions fairly and equally, never discriminating against them for any reason.
2. Providing a safe and secure workplace

・We promote workforce diversity, support our employees in performing to their best abilities, act with due respect and consideration for their positions, and provide a healthy workplace which tolerates no harassment and allows them to work comfortably, regardless of their employment status.
・Those in higher positions must be fully understand their authority and responsibilities, ensuring they do not abuse their power in performing their duties.
・We prioritize our employees' safety and health as fundamental principles and strive to prevent work-related accidents.
・We respect our employees' unique attributes and support them in achieving their career objectives and improving their professional skills.
3. Complying with laws and regulations

・We maintain our proper knowledge of, and comply with, laws and regulations relevant to our business activities.
・We conduct our business operations not only in accordance with laws and regulations but also based on sound ethical standards.
・We establish and adhere to internal rules and manuals that guide our operations in compliance with laws and regulations and promote common sense practices.
4. Avoiding the use of professional positions and company property for personal reasons

・We do not use our positions at work for personal gain.
・We do not use the company's property, whether tangible or intangible, for personal purposes.
5. Complying with laws in each country and region, and respecting international standards, including those on human rights

・In conducting business activities globally, we adhere to the laws and regulations of each country and region where we operate, respect international standards, including those on human rights, and give due consideration to local culture, customers, and the interests of our stakeholders.
・We ensure that our business activities align with the principles of the United Nations Global Compact on human rights, labor, the environment, and anti-corruption.
6. Contributing to environmental conservation

・The environment is the foundation of all life on Earth. We prioritize environmental considerations in every aspect of our business activities across each country and region.
・We strive to conserve and reuse resources and energy to contribute to environmental conservation.
・We develop and provide technologies and systems that help mitigate climate change along with products and services that reduce environmental impact.
7. Complying with antimonopoly laws and regulations, and conducting fair transactions

・We conduct business activities in compliance with the Antimonopoly Act, the Act against Unjustifiable Premiums and Misleading Representations, and other relevant laws and regulations aimed at preventing monopolistic behavior. We refrain from engaging in anti-competitive, restrictive, and unfair trade practices.
・We maintain equal terms with our counterparties, ensuring we do not unduly exploit our favorable positions in business transactions.
・We pursue fair trading practices by complying with laws and regulations related to antimonopoly laws.
・We conduct business transactions in compliance with relevant laws and regulations, making fair judgment based on economic rationality by comprehensively taking into account the quality and prices of products and services, as well as other necessary factors.
8. Providing products and services

・We offer products and services at reasonable prices that are designed to meet the needs of society now and in the future, contributing to the enhancement of customers' comfortable lifestyles and the development of their businesses as our corporate mission.
・Each of us performs our duties by adhering to basic principles to achieve a high level of professionalism.
9. Ensuring the safety of products and services

・We prioritize safety in every aspect of our products and services, including development, sales, contracted construction work, and utilization.
・We strive to achieve a level of safety from customers' perspectives as well as to fulfill legally required safety standards.
・In case of accidents involving our products, we will promptly investigate the causes and prevent their recurrence. Simultaneously, we will examine the extent of damage and risk and take necessary actions, such as recovering affected products and notifying users of their exposure to risks and dangers.
・We prepare for disasters by implementing reasonable and sufficient response measures to reduce the potential for increased damage and ensure the continuity of our safe and stable supply of products and services to customers.
10. Interacting with customers appropriately

・We uphold our principles in our interaction with customers, which includes pleasant greetings, polite language, appropriate attire, a sincere attitude, and fulfilling our commitments.
・We provide customers with clear explanations from their standpoint and accurate information on our products and services so they can make informed decisions in commercial transactions.
・We respond promptly to accidents and customer complaints, acknowledge our mistakes, and take necessary actions to improve our work and prevent recurrence.
・We do not violate laws or accept unreasonable demands, even if requested by customers.
11. Engaging with and contributing to society

・We actively engage with our stakeholders to build a better society and foster a thriving business.
・We maintain an open mindset toward broad social issues and recognize our obligation to contribute positively to society.
12. Building and maintaining sound relationships with business partners

・We maintain our association with our business partners within the limits of legal and social norms.
・We ensure transparency and integrity in our association with civil officials and public institution staff by fully understanding the objectives outlined in the National Public Service Ethics Act, the Unfair Competition Prevention Act, and other relevant laws and regulations aimed at preventing corruption.
・We provide entertainment and conduct other activities within the bounds of social norms and in accordance with our internal regulations and business practice manuals.
・When placing orders or engaging in purchasing activities, we do not accept entertainment or gifts from business partners.
13. Engaging business partners in adhering to the Daigas Group Code of Business Conduct

・We promote an understanding of our Code among our suppliers and other supply chain partners, based on the nature of their transactions, to foster their cooperation in adhering to our Code.
14. Managing the proper use of information and systems

・We value information as an important corporate asset and handle it responsibly while preventing its leakage and loss.
・We gather, manage, and use personal information responsibly.
・We do not use non-public information about the Daigas Group (inside information) for the purpose of buying or selling the Daigas Group companies' securities (prohibition of insider trading).
・We appropriately use e-mail and other internet-based communication systems in compliance with our internal rules and do not use company's information systems for personal purposes.
15. Disclosing information and engaging with stakeholders

・We disclose information in a timely and an appropriate manner regarding the Daigas Group's corporate management, facts that affect corporate management, and information that should be shared in response to the requests from society.
・We engage with our stakeholders, including customers, shareholders, and communities, to promote their better understanding of the Daigas Group, considering both the difference and similarities between them and the Group.
16. Properly handling intellectual property

・We value intellectual properties as important corporate assets and properly manage our own intellectual properties while preventing infringement on others' intellectual property rights.
17. Avoiding association with anti-social groups and individuals

・Under no circumstance do we tolerate dealings with or favors to anti-social groups or individuals, including transactions involving unreasonable discounts or other benefits without the transfer of money or assets.
18. Making tax payments and performing accounting practices properly

・Acknowledging the importance of paying taxes properly as a corporate entity and a member of society, we maintain adequate knowledge on taxation and ensure that we pay taxes properly.
・We conduct appropriate accounting procedures in accordance with regulations and operational manuals.