This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Energy_Korea_S-OIL_2024.pdf>

1  Code of  Business  Ethics & Conduct  Chapter I. Corporate Code of Business Ethics  Preamble  With the vision of  " t he most competitive, creative and clean energy & chemical company ,"  S - OIL is committed to pursuing the growth of all of our interested parties including our  shareholders, by enhancing the value of our company through progressive and efficient  business practices .  The Company will  actively implement this Code of Business Ethics &  Conduct  to  promote  high ethical standard in conducting its business activities and pursue  management  that  conforms to the  principle s .  Article 1 (Attitudes toward Customers and Business Partners)  1.  The  Company shall respect the opinions of customers and business partners and  endeavor to deliver the best value to  its  customers and business partners.  The  Company  shall engage in business dealings based on mutual respect and at arms - length, ensuring  that all such dealings are performed fairly ,  and  shall not use  its superior  position of power  to seek  for consideration  or favor in any form.  2.  The  Company shall not intentionally cause any loss to  its  customers or hamper fair  competition through collusion  with others , such as price collusion with the Company’s  competitors.  3.  The  Company shall avoid using the assets and properties , information  of  its  customers  and business partners without prior approval of the relevant customer and/or business  partner.  Article 2 (Attitudes toward Shareholders and Investors)  1.  The  Company shall protect the rights of its shareholders and respect their reasonable  inquiries and suggestions.  The  Company shall establish a mutual trust between its  shareholders  and  investors  through  disclosure  of  information  concerning  its  management and operation.  2.  The  Company shall treat equally and fairly each and every shareholder including  minority shareholders.  The  Company shall ensure that its management decisions are  made with constant regard to the interests of all its shareholders in such a way that the  interests or rights of minority shareholders are not infringed upon in an unfair manner.

2  3.  The  Company shall prepare and keep the accounting record according to generally  accepted accounting principles to provide its interested parties with fully transparent  information on its financial condition and operational results.  The  Company shall provide  its management information in an accurate and timely manner so that users of this  information such as investors use it in making sensible investment decisions.  Article 3. (Responsibilities to  officers and employees)  1.  The  Company shall not discriminate against its officers  &  employees  based on  r ace,  nationality,  sex,  age, academic background ,  religion,  region,  disability, marital status,  etc. , but  shall provide fair and equal opportunities according to their capabilities and  qualification.  The  Company shall evaluate and compensate officers and employees  based on fair evaluation criteria of qualification, capabilities and performance.  2.  The  Company shall support officers and employees to achieve self - realization and  develop their talents by providing them with equal opportunities to enhance their  capabilities and respecting individ ual self - control and creativity .  3.  The  Company shall strive to create and maintain a proper working environment for  officers and employees  to provide safe  and healthy environment.  The  Company shall  respect personalities and basic rights of each officers and employees while nurturing a  culture in which they can  freely make  suggest ion  and propos al .  Article 4 (Social Responsibilities)  1.  The  Company, as a member of the society and community to which it belongs, shall  adhere to internationally accepted laws and regulations, as well as to the related laws  and regulations of  Korea , including anti - corruption/anti - bribery  laws and regulations .  2.  The  Company  shall  endeavor  to  contribute  to  the  national  economy  and  social  development through improving productivity, job creation, faithful tax payment, and  making  sincere  contributions to the society.  3.  The  C ompany shall  protect nature and maintain a clean environment.  4.  The  Company shall respect political right and political opinions ,  refrain from interfering  in politics and maintain political neutrality.  The  Company shall not create slush fund and  shall not provide political fund or use its organization, manpower and assets for political  purpose.

3  Chapter II. Code of Conduct for Employees and Officers  Preamble  The Company requires that its officers & employees avoid situations in which their personal  interest might conflict with the interest of the Company. Such conflict could potentially arise  if officers & employees or their parents, spouses, children, or brot hers/sisters have a  financial interest in the dealings of the Company with contractors, suppliers, or any other  organizations or individuals doing or seeking to do business with the Company or in  competition with the Company.  Officers are to set an example of the highest ethical conduct. The officers and employees  shall act proactively and shall put an effort to spread and maintain highest level of ethics  awareness.  The Company  shall require its officers & employees to act in accordance with  Corporate Code of Business Ethics specified in  Chapter I.  Article 5 (Definition)  Definitions of terms used in this Code is as follows:  1.  Money & valuable gifts  :  Money (cash, gift certificates, admission tickets, etc.), gifts, or  other economic benefits  2.  Entertainment  : Dining, drinking, golf, performance, amusement, etc.  3.  Convenience  : Support relating to transportation, accommodations, travel and other  events  4.  Interested parties  : Other Company officers and employees, customers, suppliers,  subsidiaries/ affiliated companies and other organizations whose rights or interests may  be affected by the performance of a Company officer or employee of his/her duties  5.  Generally accepted social practices (hereinafter “GASP”)  : Practices that can be  universally understood and judged acceptable by the common sense of other Company  officers, employees and ordinary people and that do not compromise the ability of the  receiver of money, gifts, entertainment, etc. from carrying out  his/her duties fairly and  equitably. A GASP should comply with relevant laws and regulations.  6.  Small Shareholding  : The ownership of shares in Interested Parties of a shareholding  ratio less than 5% (1% in case of listed companies) of the total issued and outstanding  shares. The ownership of share, based on acquisition cost, shall not exceed 100 Million  Won, even if t he shareholding ratio is below the limit.  7.  Inevitable Situation  :  The receipt of a gift item or benefit without one’s knowledge or  through a third party

4  Article 6 (Basic Ethics for the officers and employees)  1.  The officers  &  employees of the Company shall faithfully fulfill their respective duties  assigned by the Company.  2.  The officers  &  employees of the Company shall keep high ethical standards and always  endeavor to maintain their personal dignity and the Company’s honor in performing their  duties and living their personal lives.  3.  The officers  &  employees of the Company shall be fully aware of the Company’s policies,  by - laws and other relevant regulations  including those governing  anti - corruption/anti -  bribery ,  and shall f aithfully abide by such policies,  regulations , etc.  when performing their  duties.  4.  The officers  &  employees of the Company shall carry out all their duties honestly and  fairly, and shall not give unfair instructions, make unfair business arrangements, seek  undue solicitation or accept any form of economic benefits from interested parties that  are beyo nd GASP that may interfere with fair performance of their duties.  5.  The officers  &  employees of the Company shall protect the Company property and  ensure its efficient use for legitimate business purpose.  6.  The officers  &  employees(including the former officers  &  employees) of the Company  shall protect any and all confidential information of the Company including, but not  limited to, trade secrets, business/technical information, and shall not disclose such  information  without  the  consent  of  the  Company  or  unless  required  by  laws  or  regulations.  7.  The officers  &  employees of the Company shall not disclose or use personal information  of other officers  &  employees they obtain in the course of conducting their Company  duties.  8.  The officers  &  employees of the Company shall not engage in  insider trading/dealing  such as  taking their personal benefit  and  financial transactions, including stock trading,  by using material and non - public information they obtain in the course of conducting their  Company duties and  shall not disclose such information to a third party.  9.  The officers  &  employees shall not use abusive language or commit any act that can  harm the relationship between colleagues. This includes physical, verbal,  or  visual  language and  act  which might be interpreted as sexual harassment by any person.  10.  The officers  &  employees shall not engage in any political activities during office hours ,  and  ensure that their political views or involvement are not misunderstood as the  Company’s.  Article 7 (Confidential Information)  1.  The officers  &  employees of the Company shall  strictly  abide by laws and regulations related  to confidentia l information .

5  2.  The officers  &  employees  of the Company shall  not  internally share confidential  information of the Company ,  they obtain in the course of conducting their Company  duties ,  unless there is necessary for their  duties .  3.  The officers  &  employees of the Company  shall  not discuss the Company’s confidential  information in public setting, and fulfill their duty of care not to leak  them  to the outside .  4.  The officers  &  employees of the Company shall  check whether  their external emails,  texts,  web posting s, and  social messages  comply with the Company’s regulations, etc.,  and fulfill their duty of care to ensure that the Company’s confidential information is not  leaked .  5.  The  officers  &  employees (including the former officers  &  employees)  of the Company  shall not disclose any information acquired in the course of business dealings with its  customers and business partners, nor use such information for other purposes without  the prior consent of the relevant customer and/or business partner.  In particular, officers  &  employees handling customers' personal information shall protect the personal  information safely by establishing protection procedures and guidelines in accordance  with relevant laws, the Company’s policies and regulations.  Article  8  ( Protection & Proper  U se of Company  A ssets )  1.  The officers  &  employees of the Company must not use the Company's assets for  personal benefit, or transfer or loan the assets to a third party without approval.  2.  The officers  &  employees of the Company must not use the Company's budget for  personal purposes, and the budget should be spent in accordance with the purpose set  by the Company and accurately recorded in the accounting book.  3.  The officers  &  employees of the Company must actively protect the Company's  goodwill ,  as well as ,  its  patent rights, trademark rights, copyrights, and other intellectual property  rights such as information with asset value. In addition, the officers  &  employees must  protect the intellectual property rights of others or third parties  with the same duty of care ,  and in particular, must not use illegal software.  Article 9 ( Antitrust &  Fair Competition)  1.  The Company, officers  &  employees shall comply with antitrust and fair competition laws,  and  shall  not  engage  in  agreements  that  tend  to  restrict  competition  (such  as  agreements between competitors as to their pricing, production and supply, etc.) and  variety of forms of unfair  conduct that may tend to create a monopoly.  2.  The Company, officers  &  employees shall deal with matters that may be interpreted as  violations of the related laws and regulations related to antitrust and fair competition  through sufficient consultation with the legal or ethics management organization in  advance, and shall no t make decisions based on arbitrary interpretation.

6  Article  10  ( Anti - Corruption &  Anti - Bribery )  1.  In accordance with the Improper Solicitation and Graft Act, the  Company,  offic ers  &  employees  must not make improper solicitations to incumbent public officials, etc. , and  must not offer money or valuables to public officials, etc., or promise to provide them or  express intentions.  2.  The officers  &  employees shall not engage in money laundering such as financing and  hiding illegal funds or making them look as though they are legitimate.  3.  The  Company,  officers  &  employees shall adhere to international treaties related to anti -  corruption (including bribery and money laundering) as well as the relevant domestic  and foreign laws and regulations.  4.  The officers  &  employees of the Company shall deal with m atters that may be interpreted  as  violations  of  anti - corruption/anti - bribery  related  laws  and  regulations  through  sufficient consultation with the legal or ethics management organization in advance, and  shall not make  decisions based on arbitrary interpretation.  Article  11  (S afety,  H ealth, and  E nvironment )  1.  The Company and the Company’s  officers  &  employees  shall comply with domestic and  internationally accepted  laws and international agreements related to safety, health, and  environment, and pursue  continuous improvement of safety, health, and environmental  performance.  2.  The Company and the Company’s  officers  &  employees, contractors  shall create a safe  working environment by observing the safety regulations.  3.  The Company and the Company’s  officers  &  employees  shall recognize the importance  of environmental issues and actively participate in environmental protection activities.  Article  12  (Prohibition of Conflict of Interests)  1.  The officers  &  employees(including the former officers  &  employees) of the Company  shall avoid any acts or relationships that are or may be in conflict with the interests of  the Company(each an “Act”). To avoid unethical conduct, business entities owned or  controlled by officers  & employees , in fact,  should not enter into contract with the  Company.  2.  The major types of prohibited Acts include, but are not limited to;  ①  A  Company  officer  or  employee,  his/her  parents,  spouse,  children  and/or  brothers/sisters, former officers  &  employees enter into contracts or business  transactions with the Company.  ②  A Company officer or employee, his/her parents, spouse and/or children acquire  stocks in Interested Parties.

7  ③  A Company  officer  or  employee  holds  a  position  in  an  outside  business  or  organization directly related to his/her duties to the Company.  ④  A Company officer or employee runs a business or has a side job that requires such  effort and time that obstructs diligent performance of his/her duties to the Company.  ⑤  A Company officer or employee induces the Company or Interested Parties to enter  into business transactions with other companies run by the same Company officer  and employee, his/her parents, spouse, children, brothers/sisters or any other  person having a  personal relationship with him/her.  ⑥  Any other transactions with Interested Parties that promote or result in personal  benefits.  Article  1 3  (Exceptions to Prohibition of Conflict of Interests)  1.  Exceptions to Article  12  (Prohibition of Conflict of Interests) are as below:  ①  Transaction with  sales networks (S/S and F/S) possessed by the Company officer  or employee, his/her parents, spouse, children and/or brothers/sister. In this case,  confirmation and endorsement of the Ethics Committee is required.  ②  A former officer/ employee of the Company or a Company officer/ employee’s  parents, children, brothers/sisters operates the Company’s sales networks (S/S and  F/S). In this case, confirmation and endorsement of the Ethics Committee is required.  However,  tra nsactions  with  a  former  officer/employee  five  years  after  his/her  resignation/retirement are exempted  from confirmation and endorsement of the  Ethics  Committee,  and  the  review  of  conflict  of  interests  for  such  exempted  transactions exceeding the five - year  post resignation/retirement period follows the  relevant subordinate standards and procedure s .  ③  Procurement of material and services from vendor operated by a former officer/  employee of the Company or a Company officer/ employee’s parents, children,  and/or brothers/sisters. In this case, confirmation and endorsement of the Ethics  Committee is requir ed. However, transactions with a former officer/employee five  years after his/her resignation/retirement are exempted  from confirmation and  endorsement of the Ethics Committee, and the review of conflict of interests for such  exempted transactions exceedi ng the five - year post resignation/retirement period  follows the relevant subordinate standards and procedures.  ④  A Company officer or employee, his/her parents, spouse and/or children may acquire  a Small Shareholding in Interested Parties which is deemed not to interfere with the  fair performance of the duties of the officer or employee to the Company in  accordance w ith GASP. In this case, the total number of the shares in an Interested  Party acquired by a Company officer or employee, his/her parents, spouse and  children shall be considered collectively.  ⑤  A Company Officer or Employee holds a position in the Company’s invested  companies or related organizations following the Company’s policy or the relevant  laws.

8  ⑥  A Company Officer or Employee’s parents, spouse, children and/or brothers/sisters  holds a position in a competing company or Interest Party (But, in such a situation,  the Officer or Employee must report to Ethics Committee and not practice any  influence fo r the benefit of the competitor, Interest Party, or the Officer or Employee)  ⑦  Other situations that are not against the best interest of the Company and that are  approved  by  the  Company’s  Ethics  Committee  in  advance  following  relevant  regulations and official procedures.  2.  When it is not clear whether the situation is violating the Code and whether it is in the  best interest of the Company, etc., it must be disclosed to and confirmed or approved by  the Company’s Ethics Committee.  Article  1 4  (Prohibition of Receiving/Offering of Money & Gifts, Entertainment/  Convenience and Other Similar Acts)  1.  The officers  &  employees of the Company shall not accept or offer Money & Business  Gifts, Entertainment, or Convenience beyond GASP from/to Interested Parties such as  contractors,  suppliers  and  affiliated  companies  in  the  course  of  conducting  their  Company duties.  2.  The officers  &  employees of the Company shall not accept or offer Money & Business  Gifts, Entertainment and Convenience beyond GASP from/to other Company officers  and employees.  3.  In the event that a Company officer or employee is presented with Money & Business  Gifts, Entertainment, or Convenience in an Inevitable Situation and the value of such  exceeds GASP, the officer or employee shall immediately take appropriate action, such  a s returning the Money & Business Gifts to the person who provided it.  In a situation that returning the Money & Business Gifts to the original provider is not  considered to be appropriate, the officer or employee shall report to Ethics Committee  and  presen t  the  items  to  Ethics  Committee  and  handle  them  according  to  the  Committee’s decision.  4.  The  Company shall  keep the record of Interested Parties  offering  Money & Business  Gifts, Entertainment, Convenience in excess of GASP. If necessary,  the  Company shall  penalize the related  Interested Parties through the decision of Ethics Committee.  Article 1 5  (Ethics Committee)  1.  Ethics Committee is composed of  Head of Legal/Compliance HQ , Controller, Head of  HR Division, and Head of Corporate Planning Division. ( Secretary : Management  Coordination Team Leader)  2.  Operation  ①  The Committee shall appoint a Chairperson from among the members of the  Committee.

9  ②  Meetings of the Committee shall be convened from time to time when necessary.  ③  The secretary shall attend  Committee meetings and prepare the meeting minutes.  ④  The resolutions may be adopted at a physical meeting or, if necessary, by a written  consent with respect to any matter presented to the Committee.  3.  Responsibilities  ①  The Committee shall e nhance the Company’s ethics management and accomplish  best ethical decision makings regarding ethics - related matters including the conflict  of interests.  ②  The Committee shall g uide, review and endorse(or approve) the followings:  A.  Transaction with  sales networks (S/S and F/S) possessed by a Company  officer or employee, his/her parents, spouse, children and/or  brothers/sister .  B.  Operation of the Company’s sales networks (S/S and F/S) by a former  officer/employee or a Company officer/employee’s parents, children, and/or  brothers/sisters.  C.  Procurement of materials and services from companies operated by a former  officer/employee or the Company officer/employee’s parents, children, and/or  brothers/sisters.  D.  Possession/operation of competitors’ sales networks (S/S and F/S) by a  Company officer/employee’s parents, spouse, children, and/or brothers/sisters  E.  The  Company  officer/employee’s  parents,  spouse,  children,  and/or  brothers/sisters working for competitors or  Interested parties  F.  Recei pt of  Money & Business Gifts, Entertainment, or Convenience in an  Inevitable Situation and the value of such exceeds GASP from Interested  Parties and  decision on how to handle the Money & Business Gifts  submitted  to the Committee  G.  Any other situations(or acts) when it is not clear whether they are violating the  Code and whether they are in the best interest of the Company, etc.  After Committee’s review or endorsement, the concerned Team/Dep artment  shall get  the  final authority’s approval in  accordance  with  Regulations on  Delegation  of  Authorities or other relevant regulations.  ③  Ethics Committee shall report its activities to CEO annually, or from time to time  when necessary .  ④  Ethics Committee shall report annually its activities to the Board Audit Committee,  together with Personnel Administration Committee’s disciplinary actions regarding  the violation of the Code of Business Ethics & Conduct.

10  Article 1 6  (Report on Violation of the Code ,  Follow - Up Procedures  and Whistle  Blower Protection )  1.  Officers  &  employees are expected to scrupulously adhere to this Code. If in doubt that  this Code has been violated, the concerned officer or employee shall promptly report the  potential violation to his/her immediate superior. The immediate superior shall take  appr opriate measures and notify the potential violation and the results thereof to the  Auditing Team and the Personnel Team within two days of receiving such report.  2.  In the event an officer or employee of the Company is aware of any violation of this Code  or  laws  and  regulations  including  those  governing  anti - corruption/anti - bribery  ( regulations relating to  contracts with the  Governments such as  U.S.  Government  contracting )  by other Company officers and employees,  he/she  shall promptly report  ( either openly or anonymously )  such violation to the Auditing Team and the Auditing  Team shall investigate the matter.  3.  The Auditing Team shall report the situation in Paragraphs  ①  and  ② , above, and the  results thereof to the CEO on a quarterly basis and notify the violations and the results  thereof to Ethics Committee and the Personnel Team. However, in the event that a  serious violation arises, the Auditing Team shall immediately report  such violation to the  CEO.  4.  The Company and the officers  &  employees of the Company shall protect the person  who report violations by keeping confidential the fact of such reporting and the identity  of the reporting person. When the reporting person is likely to suffer any disadvantage,  the Company shall take pro per measures, such as transfer to another position, at the  request of the reporting person.  5.  T he Company will not tolerate retaliation or discrimination against any person for raising  a concern or assisting in an investigation, and any officer or employee  of  the Company  found to have engaged in retaliation such as threats, harassment, bullying, humiliation,  negatively changing work ing  conditions, or raising issues against someone maliciously  or  in  bad faith  is subject to disciplinary action, including dismissal.  6.  Until disciplinary actions against the reported violation are finally determined, the  Company and the officers  &  employees of the Company shall keep confidential any and  all information, such as reported violations and identities of the offenders, known to them  in the course of investigations and the rights of the offenders, such as the right to make  statements, sha ll be protected during the investigation.  7.  The  Company shall publicly disclose the content on violation against the Code and the  result of measure after the determination of disciplinary punishment.

11  Chapter III. Supplementary  Article 1 7  (Disciplinary Action)  In accordance with relevant Company regulations, the Personnel Administration Committee  shall adopt and enforce strict disciplinary actions  such as dismiss al , suspension,  reduction  in  salary, reprimand, and warning  against officers or employees of the Company who violate  this Code or who intentionally submit false reports, or conceal the violations , and his/her  immediate superior who has management responsibilities .  The violation of this Code by  his/her parents, spouse, children, and/or brothers/sisters, o r acquaintances of a Company  officer or employee who wrongfully use the position of the Company officer or employee  shall be regarded as being committed by the Company officer or employee if the Company  officer or employee knew or could have reasonably kno wn of such violation.  Article 1 8  (Ethics towards officers  &  employees of contractors, subsidiaries, and  investment companies)  The  Company shall exert their best efforts to ensure that the officers  &  employees of  contractors,  subsidiaries  and  investment  companies  shall  perform  their  duties  in  full  compliance with the spirit and content of this Code.  Article 1 9  (Others)  1.  Details of execution standards and procedures can be established, if necessary, within  the scope of this Code in order to implement this Code efficiently.  2.  The Company shall distribute the copy of this Code to all officers & employees  and request them to sign the Acknowledgement(Appendix) that they fully understand the  content of this Code  and agree to abide by this Code.  3.  The  Company shall provide training programs for officers  &  employees every year to  root down Ethics Management in their daily activities.  4.  The Code is based on a spirit of Ethics, anti - corruption, human rights/labor of International  Charter/Declaration/Standard such as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the  Principles of ILO, UN Global Compact, the Principles on Multinational Corporat ion of OECD .  Addendum  This Code shall take effect on and from August 4, 2004.  This Code shall take effect on and from August 29, 2007 .  This Code shall take effect on and  from January 6, 2009.

12  This Code shall take effect on and from August 26, 2011.  This Code shall take effect on and from October 21, 2013.  This Code shall take effect on and from  July  29 , 201 5 .  This Code shall take effect on and from  January  24 , 201 8 .  This Code shall take effect  on and from  D ecember  19 , 2019.  This Code shall take effect on and from  December  6 , 2021.  This Code shall take effect on and from December  26 , 2023.

13  [Appendix]  Acknowledgement  I have received and  understood  the Company’s Code of Business Ethics & Conduct.  I agree to  abide by this Code during my employment with the Company . If I violate this Code, I  agree to  take my responsibility  by accepting, among other things,  disciplinary actions such as  dismiss al , suspension,  reduction in  salary, reprimand, and warning  in accordance with the  Company’s regulations .  As set out in this Code, I,  including my family (parents, spouse, children and siblings), will devote  best efforts to avoid any acts or relationships that are or may be in conflict with the interests of  the Company.  Therefore, I disclose the following information and certify that th e information  entered on this statement is true and correct.  If any change is made to the information, I will  update the information and submit the Acknowledgement again within 30 days.  ✓  I or my family owns or operates S - OIL sales network.  * Sales network refers to all types of distributors such as sales agents, service stations  and filling stations.  ㅁ  Yes  ㅁ  No  If answered  Yes , please specify and give details.  (  )  ✓  I or my family owns a company and the company transacts goods and services  with S - OIL.  ㅁ  Yes  ㅁ  No  If answered  Yes , please specify and give details.  (  )  ✓  I or my family owns or operates competitor’s sales network.  ㅁ  Yes  ㅁ  No  If answered  Yes , please specify and give details.  (  )  ✓  My family works for a competitor’s or an interested party.*  * Interested party refers to customers, suppliers, affiliates/contractors, related  organizations whose rights and interests may be affected by my performance of duty.  ㅁ  Yes  ㅁ  No  If answered  Yes , please specify and give details.  (  )  Date  :  Team/Dept.  :  Name  :  ( signature )


</Energy_Korea_S-OIL_2024.pdf>