This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Energy_Korea_SK Gas_2025.pdf>

Preamble  This Code of Ethics refers to the management philosophy of SK Group and  aims to provide a set of standards to support decision making and practices  necessary for the execution of management activities that promote the  happiness of  customers, employees, stakeholders, Business Partners, society  and other stakeholders, while contributing to the economic growth of society  and the happiness of mankind.  This Code of Ethics applies to SK Gas (hereafter referred to as “Company”), and  the management of the Company is responsible for educating and guiding  the members to comply with this Code of Ethics.  1  Basic Ethics of Members  1. 1 Faithful Execution of Business  Employees shall conduct business honestly and impartially by complying  with fair standards, laws and moral standards which are accepted by the  conventional wisdom of society.  1. 2 Prohibition of Unauthorized Use of Management Information  Employees shall understand that any leakage of corporate management  information can cause serious harm to the corporation as a whole, and thus  shall not provide or reveal any information related with company business  to outsiders. In the case where sharing  internal information is required for  business purposes, relevant measures shall be taken prior to the sharing or  disclosure.  Also, employees shall not discuss or reveal business subjects in any public  spaces in order to prevent corporate information from being revealed to  outsiders and shall take special care when handling business information.  1. 3 Prohibition of Activities with Conflict of Interest  Employees shall not engage in any activity where there is a conflict of  interest between themselves and the Company. Conflict of interest refers to  any activities engaged in by employees that might compromise them in

carrying out their duties. Conflict of interest includes any participation in  investments and associations or acquiring rights that compromise the  ability to make the best decision for the Company’s sake, or any situations  where the maximum profit cannot b e achieved due to indirect or direct  connections, financial obligations or private relationships with competitors  or trade counterparts.  1. 4 Mutual Respect Among Employees  1.4.1  Employees shall respect others and maintain the basic decorum  required as a SK member in the workplace.  1.4.2  Employees shall not discriminate others according to gender,  academic background, birth place, race, nationality, religion, etc.  1.4.3  Employees shall refrain from speaking and acting with disrespect or  slandering fellow employees.  1. 5 Prohibition of Unfair Practices Through Abuse of Business Duties  and Responsibilities  Employees shall not request special consideration for recruitment,  appointment, or transactions to the personnel in charge, on the  basis of  having some private relationship. Also employees shall not receive or offer  gifts, money or treats. Money for congratulations and condolences shall be  voluntary and allowed to the extent that is accepted by the prevailing social  norms.  1. 6  Protection and Proper Use of Corporate Assets and Information  Employees shall protect and utilize tangible or intangible corporate assets in  a fair manner.  1.6.1  Corporate assets shall not be used or transferred or rented to third  parties for private purposes.  1.6.2  Business budgets shall not be used for private purposes, and shall  be spent for the purpose approved by the Company and accurately  documented in ledgers.  1.6.3  Employees shall protect corporate intellectual properties including  patents, sales rights, trademarks, copyrights or others.

1.6.3  Employees shall cooperate with information security measures  including storage and monitoring of electronic information  transferred to external entities, which are carried out in accordance  with internal information policies.  1. 7 Prohibition on Accepting Bribes  1.7.1  Employees shall not receive money or treats, provided by any  stakeholders in return for or expectation of unfair profit or  advantages.  1.7.2  Employees shall not receive from, nor offer to, the stakeholders,  money, gifts and other valuables, treats or favors.  1.7.3  However if the value of the gift or money is accepted according to  what is considered social norms or custom, and is regarded as  supporting the relationship between the parties, in the  case of  socially acceptable situations (promotion, moving, business opening  or similar events), employees may receive from and/or offer to the  stakeholders or partners money, gifts or other valuables.  1.7.4  Socially acceptable conditions may differ according to the business  situation. If there is any doubt or ambiguity situation, employees  shall contact his/her manager or go through the official process  such as ethical management counseling and reporting to s eek  consultation on the situation.  2  Compliance with Regulations  Company shall establish internal policies embodying all the laws related  with corporate management with regard to the environment, gas business,  security, fair trade, bribery and etc. and employees shall perform their work  tasks in compliance with those po licies.  2.1  Observance of Quality Standards and Protection of Customer  Information  2.1. 1  Provision of Best Quality Product and Service  Company and employees shall do their best to provide the best  quality in their products and services. To this end, Company shall

have in place a system to collect customer appeals and complaints  while making sustained efforts to improve the quality of products  and services.  2.1. 2  Protection of Customer Information  1)  Company shall not use customer information for any purpose  other than for the rightful business purpose of the Company, nor  shall it offer such information to a third party except where such  use or offer was permitted by the customer or allowed under the  r elevant laws.  2)  Company shall make its best efforts to protect customer  information by, for example, implementing optimum IT security  systems or employing customer information management  experts.  2. 2 Preparation and Announcement of Management Information  2.2.1  Improvement of Corporate Value  Employees shall make efforts to improve corporate values through  rational decision making processes and transparent management  practices. To this  end, Company shall adhere to transparent  management policies outlined by the board of directors, and  prepare and announce public statements including financial  statements in accordance with relevant laws and regulations.  2.2.2  Prohibition of Internal Trading Based on Confidential Information  Employees shall not trade securities of the Company nor  recommend others to buy the securities of the Company, based on  confidential information they acquired in the relevant business  processes.  2.2.3  Establishment of Accounting System  The company ensures that all transactions and funds of the  company proceed in accordance with the company’s proper  internal procedures, can keep track of the contents of the  company’s assets, and periodically compare existing and recorded  assets to legally  compare the differences Establish and operate an  accounting system that can be corrected.

2.2.4  Accounting Principle  Company shall prepare and keep all the transactions of the  Company in accounting ledgers in an accurate and fair manner,  and shall not tamper with or manipulate the ledgers.  2. 3 Fair Trade and Coexistence  Employees shall understand that fair trade is a duty in a market economy  system, and thus shall perform management practices and activities fairly  and transparently, in such way to ensure all of the management practices  and activities are socially and ethi cally acceptable.  2.3.1  Fair Trade  To conduct fair trade, Company and employees shall appreciate  and comply with the local laws and Company’s internal regulations  for fair trade.  2.3.2  Management for Coexistence  1)  Company shall not utilize its privileged status for unfair  practices,  but pursue mutual benefits and cooperative  development and accompanying growth.  2)  In selection of business partners, a set of rational and fair  standards shall be applied so that those eligible for the business  can be selected.  3)  Company shall provide full support to the selected business  partner(s) in such way to increase competitiveness from a long  term perspective.  2. 4 Society and Environment  2.4.1  Social Contribution  Company shall understand that its social responsibilities begin  with voluntary services for society and shall actively participate in  voluntary works and cultural development projects for the benefit  of society. Company shall promote and increase the sense of unity  between the Company and local communities by expanding  citizens’ access to welfare facilities, support for the disadvantaged,  and participation of citizens in social activities.

2.4.2  Safe Working Environment  Company and employees are obligated to make the work  environment safer and cleaner, and  shall do their best to protect  the life and assets of the members and the customers against any  possible accidents by adopting accident prevention measures as  the top priority policy.  2.4.3  Environmentally Friendly Management  1)  Company and employees shall carry out business activities in  environmentally friendly ways and actively participate in  environment preservation activities.  2)  Company and employees shall practice environmentally  friendly management in accordance with relevant international  standards, norms, laws and internal regulations.  3  Enforcement of Code of Ethics  3. 1 Duties  All members of the company, including temporary workers and contract  workers, must complete education related to anti - corruption and ethical  management at least once a  year, and the person in charge of code  operation establishes and operates a training course so that employees can  complete training on this code.  3. 2 Reporting of Infringements  In the case of any infringements of his Code of Ethics, employees shall  report to the Manager, and those who witnessed or acknowledged  infringement of others shall report to the Manager as well.  3. 3 Inquiry, Counseling and Reporting Regarding the Implications  In the case where there is uncertainty about possible infringements,  employees shall consult the Manager prior to the execution of the relevant  actions. The Manager shall implement and manage a reporting and  counseling system on the Company’s web site to s upport reporting of  infringements and ethical management inquiries and counseling.

3. 4 Submission of Written Oath  Employees shall read the full documentation of this Code of Ethics and shall  submit a signed oath at least one time every year.  Employees in charge of high - corruption - risk tasks, such as purchasing and  funds, take a separately stipulated anti - corruption oath upon assignment of  their duties, and the tasks with high corruption risk are determined and  operated by the head of the depar tment in charge of anti - corruption and  ethical management based on the anti - corruption management system  regulations.  3. 5  Disciplinary Action against Infringement  Those who directly or indirectly infringe any provisions specified in this Code  of Ethics, or those who condone or permit them shall be disciplined for  violation of corporate regulations. The disciplinary processes are in  accordance with the relevant perso nnel policy of the Company.  4  Operating Ethics Counseling ·Report Center  4. 1 Organization Operating Ethics Counseling ·Report Center  The department in charge of ethical management operates the ethics  counseling and report center for consultation and reporting on matters  related to the Code of Ethics, anti - corruption, and internal accounting  management regulations.  4. 2 Processing Procedure  4.2.1  The department in charge of ethical management may conduct  additional investigations and deliberation on consultations and  reports.  4.2.2  The department in charge of ethical management must keep  records of consultations and reports for a certain period of time.  4. 3 Protect Counselee ·Whistleblower

4.3.1  The company prioritizes protecting the identity of the counselee  and the  whistleblower and the contents of the counseling and  report.  4.3.2  Members of the department in charge of ethical management  must ensure that the identity of the counselee, whistleblower, and  collaborator is not exposed, and must be protected so that there  are no personal and identity problems.  4.3.3  Members shall not take any action to find out the identity of the  counselee or whistleblower with the department in charge of  ethical management, and no disadvantage such as status or  working condition should be given to the counselee or  whistleblower who  has provided a legitimate consultation or  report.  4.3.4  If the counselee· whistleblower determines that his/her identity is  exposed or there is a threat to his/her life, he/she may request  the company to protect his/her identity· personality, and the  company shall take necessary protective measures.  4. 4 Others  4.4.1  Details regarding the operation and handling procedures of the  ethics consultation and report center are set out in the ‘Ethical  Management and Internal Accounting Management System  Consultation and Report Operation Bylaws’.  4.4.2  E - mail address of the ethics counseling and reporting center is  skgas.ethics@sk.com .  Additional Clauses  This Code of Ethics takes effect as of 1st January in 2009.


</Energy_Korea_SK Gas_2025.pdf>