This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Energy_Japan_Tohoku Electric Power_2023.pdf>

Tohoku Electric Power Group  Code of Conduct  Established  in  January 2017  Second revis ion  in  April 2023

-  1  -  Under the  management philosophy of “Coexistence with local community” and  group slogan of “Yori, Sou, Chikara”,  we  grow with sustainable development of  society by  making efforts to the realization of smart society through  the  provision of  energy - centered service  while  committing ourselves to  customers  and local community.  For that purpose, e ach and every employee will have a strong sense of  mission  as a public service provider and  a consciousness of being  creator of a smart  society, and will take on unprecedented challenges and push for change while  thinking of customers and communities beyond  our  own operations.  Also, we are strongly aware that the  foundation  of  business operation is based  on the  trust of our customers and society,  and  each and every employee  will  have unwavering sense of ethics  and a firm awareness and knowledge of  corporate ethics and laws and regulations  with  which they  comply , but also  work as one as the Tohoku Electric Power Group,  and  will further strengthen  our  corporate culture  of not allowing inappropriate events  to occur, not  overlooking them, and disclosing appropriate information.  Based on the above recognition,  we will act in accordance with  the following  “ Principles  of Conduct ”  and  “ Code of Conduct ” ,  and create “Yorisou” value that  only Tohoku Electric Power Group can  do ,  while building  strong  trusting  relationship s  with customers, local people,  shareholders and investors,  business partners,  and  employees .

-  2  -  1.  Provision of service  contributing  to the realization of  a  smart  so ci ety  While placing  the highest priority on ensuring safety, we  provide the services  contributing  to  the  realization of smart society that customers can  get a  comfortable,  safe and  secure  living space  by  focusing on stable  supply  of  low - cost energy that  satisfying  customers’  livelihoods and  supporting  business activities.  2.  With local community  By  pro moting  the efforts that contribute to solving  local issues while  staying  close  to  the  community, we  will  contribute to the sustainable development of  the  community and  cooperate with local community as a member of  community .  3.  Ensur ing  compliance with corporate ethics and  laws and  regulations  In all  our  business activities, we will  not only  ensure  compliance with all  relevant  laws and regulations  and th e  sp irit of  the law ,  but also  ensure  that  corporate ethics  are  upheld at all times .  4 .  Environmental c onsideration s  Re cogni zing  that the business activities of  the  corporate group are deeply  involved in the formation of  a  sustainable  society , we will  pro actively  address  the  global warming issues and environmental preservation.  5.  Promotion of transparent  business activities  We will make  broad  and smooth communication and  information  disclo sure  with members of the community t  o promote  highly  transparent and open  business activities.  6.  Respect  for the  individuals and c reation of  an  open and  energetic  corporate culture  We will respect  the  personality  and individuality  of each employee , and  promote the creation of  open and energetic  corporate culture  in which  employee  can  cooperate  with each other  and  exchange  their  opinions  free ly  and  actively .  P rinciples of  C onduct

-  3  -  1.  Provision of the service that contributes to the realization of  smart so c iety  (1)  Provision of the service that contributes to the rea  lization of smart  society  By collaborating  with  a wide range of  partners , we will provide services that  contribute to the realization of  a  smart society in which customers can  enjoy  comfortable,  safe, and secure living space, and  aim to  maximize the  wealth  of  our  customers.  (2)  Stable supply of low - cost energy that supports customers’  daily  liv es  and  business activities  As a corporate group work  responsible for  public  utility  service s , we  are  aware of our mission, and make  a  full  effort to stable supply of low - cost and  environmental ly  f riendly energy that supports customers’ living and business  activities and  improve  the service  so that we can earn trust and satisfaction  from customers .  (3)  Ensuring safety  Based on the recognition  that ensuring safety is the top priority  in  all  our  business activities,  we will not only comply with  the  safety - related  laws and  regulations , but also  thoroughly implement the following.  ➢  As for  nuclear  power and other  facilities  owned and  operated by  the  corporate group ,  we will  ensure that  necessary  measures  are  always  taken to ensure  safety.  ➢  As for the work procedure and environment  at the work  site, we will  place  top prio rity on  safety  of the  public and  workers.  ➢  As for  important  safety - related  information  on  work  site ,  w e will share  and utilize  it  among  the  parties concerned.  2.  With local community  By promoting the efforts that contribute to solving local issues  and  the efforts  that  truly beneficial to the community  through our business  activities  while  staying close to the community, we will contribute to the sustainable  development of the community  and cooperate  and collaborate  with  the  community as a member of community  , and build  trust based on mutual  under standing.  Code of Con duct

-  4  -  3.  Ensur ing  compliance with corporate  ethics and laws and  regulations  (1)  Compliance with laws and regulations  We will e nsure  compliance with a ll laws  and regulations  and the spirit of the  laws related to the business activities of the corporate group  .  In particular, we  will ensure the following.  ➢  Handling of procedures , records, and management  in accordance  with  laws and regulations  We will  ensure  that  the procedure s  including the  acquisition of permit s and  approvals ,  notification, and report, etc.  in accordance with  relevant laws and  regulations including  the  Electricity Business Act, and records and  management of the data related to  business activities  and operations  should  be  appropriately  followed.  ➢  Ensure compliance with  the  regulation s  of conduct and secure fair  competition  We will  ensure the compliance with  the  regulations of conduct defined in  the  Electricity Business Act, as well as  striving to ensure fair competition  among  businesses.  ➢  Secure fair transaction  We will ensure  to comply with  transaction - related  laws and regulations  including  the Antitrust Law , and  conduct the business  on the basis of  fair  and free competition.  ➢  Protection of intellectual property  We  will  protect and utilize the  intellectual property rights of the corporate  group and respect the intellectual property rights of others.  ➢  Prohibition of insider transaction  Directors and employees who are in a position to obtain important  information about the company will not  trade in shares or other securities of  the corporate group or other listed companies for personal gain prior to the  release of such information.  ➢  Protection of personal information  In handling personal information, we  will  be  fully aware of its importance  and ensure compliance with the Personal Information Protection Law and  other relevant laws and regulations.  Specifically, personal information  including  customer information  and  shareholder information  required in the

-  5  -  course of business will be  collected in an appropriate manner after the  purpose of use is clearly stated. In addition, personal information obtained  in the course of business will be thoroughly managed to prevent leakage,  etc.  ➢  Thorough information management  We will not disclose or  divulge any undisclosed information regarding  corporate management, information regarding customers, information  regarding shareholders and investors, information regarding business  partners, or information regarding directors, officers, and employees,  in cluding postings on social media, etc., that we become aware of in the  course of performing our duties, whether  during our  tenure of  office or after  retirement.  ( 2 )  Strict adherence to corporate ethics  We will always ensure corporate ethics in  deciding how to proceed with  management, handle business and other corporate activities.  In particular,  we will ensure  the following .  ➢  Resolute response to antisocial forces  We will take a firm stand against antisocial forces and groups that  threaten  social order and safety.  ➢  Healthy relationship with politics and government  As a company that provides public service, we will keep in mind the spirit of  the law and corporate ethics, and maintain sound and normal relationships  with politics and g overnment.  ➢  Cooperation with the  i nternational  c ommunity  In our international business activities, we will not only comply with  international rules and local laws, but also respect human rights, local  cultures and customs, and conduct management that  contributes to their  development.  ➢  Gifts and  e ntertainment  Directors and employees will not accept gifts or entertainment from  business partners that exceed the bounds of socially accepted norms,  whether in the form of gifts or entertainment.  ➢  D istinction between public and private matters  We will act with attention to the distinction between public and private  matters.  In particular, we will not engage in personal conduct during

-  6  -  working hours or use company property for personal purposes.  ➢  Act h onestly  in non - work activities  In our private activities, we will act  honestly  based on social common sense  and an awareness of our role as a public service provider.  In particular, we  will never engage in any conduct, such as driving under the  influence of  alcohol, that would endanger society or bring the company's reputation into  disrepute.  4.  Environmental  c onsiderations  (1)  Efforts to address global warming issues, etc.  We will actively work to mitigate climate change, including  global warming,  by reducing greenhouse gas emissions from our business activities, and  promote climate change adaptation efforts.  (2 )  Environmental  c onservation  a ctivities  We will manage and dispose of waste properly and reliably, promote waste  reduction, reuse, and recycling, and steadily implement environmental  preservation activities.  (3)  Environmental  c ommunication  We will engage in environmental activities in cooperation with local  communities and strive to disclose environmental informatio  n appropriately  and proactively.  5.  Promoting  t ransparent  b usiness  a ctivities  (1)  Ensure communication  In  implement ing  our corporate activities, we will engage in wide  - rang e  and  smooth communication with customers, local residents, shareholders  ,  investors, business partners, employees, and others.  (2)  Sincere public relations and public outreach activities  When conducting public relations and public hearing  activities, we will be  factual and sincere. In addition, we will not advertise in a manner that is  defamatory of others or injurious to personal dignity.  ( 3)  Disclosure of information  We will proactively disclose information to our customers, local  residents,  shareholders, investors, business partners, employees, and others.

-  7  -  6.  Respect for the individual and creation of an open and  energetic corporate culture  (1)  Respect for the individual  We respect the human rights, personality,  individuality, and privacy of each  employee.  Personal information of employees held by the corporate group  will not be disclosed without the consent of the individual, unless required by  law or by legitimate business necessity.  (2)  Prohibition of  d iscrimination on the  b asis of  s ex, etc.  We do not discriminate against employees based on gender, age, disability,  race, nationality, place of birth, ideology, creed, or religion.  In addition, we  do not tolerate violent behavior, verbal abuse, sexual harassment, or any  other similar behavior in the workplace.  (3)  Creating an open and energetic corporate culture and fostering an  organizational culture of improvement  We will  deepen cooperation among companies, divisions, and related parties,  both inside and outside the company, and promote the creation of an open and  energetic corporate culture in which opinions are freely and actively  exchanged in the workplace, and diverse h  uman resources can demonstrate  their individuality and abilities and boldly take on new challenges.  When  inappropriate events are identified, we will foster an organizational culture that  proactively accepts and remedies them.  In this way, we will strive t o prevent  the occurrence of situations in which legality and ethics are questioned.  7.  Response  from top  management and mana gers  (1)  Ensur ing  the sp i rit of this guideline  Directors and managers  will  demonstra te leadership in  following  th is  guideline and make e very effort to ensure the sp  i rit of th is  guidel ine  in  their  own  roles. Also, they  will strive to constantly monitor internal and external  opinions to ensure thorough compliance with corporate ethics and laws and  regulations.  (2)  T op  management  responsibility  In the event of a serious violation of this guideline, top management will  declare  its  intention to  solve the problem itself  internally and externally,  investigat e  the cause ,  and  take  measures  to prevent  recurrence .  Also,  top  management  will  promptly and accurately  disclose the information  and  fulfill  its  accountability ,  clarify  its  authority and responsibility, and  punish those  involved including  its  own.


</Energy_Japan_Tohoku Electric Power_2023.pdf>