This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Energy_Korea_SK innovation_2023.pdf>

Code of Ethics  S K  i nnovation  Co.,  Ltd.,  SK  e nergy  Co.,  Ltd,  SK  geo  centric  Co.,  Ltd., SK  enmove  Co., Ltd., SK  i ncheon  p etrochem Co., Ltd., SK  t rading  i nternational Co., Ltd. ,  SK ie technology Co., Ltd. , SK on  Co., Ltd.  and  SK  earthon  Co.,  Ltd. (hereinafter  “ the  Company ” ) ,  bas ing  on  SKMS  as the foundation for their  business  management ,  shall  create  value for  the  Company ’ s  members,  customers,  shareholders,  business  partners,  the society ,  and other  various interested  parties, thereby  playing  a  major  role  in  the  social  and  economic  development  and,  furthermore, contribut ing  to the well - being of all humans.  To this end, the Code of Ethics (hereinafter  this “Code”) has been  established  to  serve  as  the  criteria  for  all  decision - making  and  actions  in  business management.  BASIC ETHICAL STANDARDS  OF  MEMBERS  “ As  M embers of the Company , we  take pride in ourselves  and  diligently  perform our  dut ies  in our position  with an understanding that we are  representing  the  Company .”    We  perform our dut ies  in a fair and transparent manner by  drawing  a sharp line between  public and private matters .    We  ensure that all members of the Company  have respect for one  another and  develop with a sense of achievement in their work.  ATTITUDE TOWARDS CUSTOMERS  “ We gain our customers’ trust by ensuring consistent customer satisfaction, and  ultimately  achieve  development along with  our  customers .”    We  make  continuous  effort  to  provide  our  customers  with  the  necessary products and services.

  We  respect  our  customers ’  various  opinions,  and  apply  their  opinion to the Company ’ s  business management.    We protect our customers’information  and property  in accordance  with  the relevant laws/regulations and  the Company  regulation s .  RESPONSIBILITY  FOR  SHAREHOLDERS  “ We  increase  our corporate value so as to create shareholder value, while  enhancing the level of both transparency and  efficient  management toward  this end.”    We  maximize  our  corporate  value  through  efficient  management  basing  on  continuous  innovation  and  share  the  results  with  our  shareholders.    We practice  independent, transparent  and responsible  mana g ement  centered on our board of directors  and respect  righteous demands  and  suggestions  from our shareholders.    We  draw  up  the  management  documents  according  to  the  various  laws/ regulations and standards and  make  a public  announcement on  them  to protect  shareholders ’  interests  in accordance with the  laws/regulations.  RELATIONSHIP WITH BUSINESS PARTNERS  “ We  build a fair and competitive business ecosystem with our business  partners, and  achieve mutual development through cooperation based  on this ecosystem. ”    We give fair trading opportunities to partner companies, do not  engage in unfair practices based on superior bargaining position,  and seek mutual benefits and common development .    We  will not conduct unfair common actions such as determining the  price,  Terms  and  Condition  of  goods  and  services  through  agreements  with  rival  companies.  We  also  compete  in  good  faith  based on mutual respect.  OUR ROLE IN THE  COMMUNITY  “ We  not only  contribute to the economic  development but also  grow together

with our  society  by engaging in social activities to create social values.”    We strive for the happiness of society as a whole by actively  pursuing social values.    We  build  trust  in  our  community ,  and  develop  and  grow  together  with our  community  through the pursuit of disaster - free and eco -  friendly management.    We  comply  with  the  local  laws  and  respect  the  traditions  and  cultures of th e  communities  in which we engage in business .  SCOPE OF APPLCAITION  This  Code  applies  to  all  M embers  (including  contract  worker  and  dispatched  worker)  of  the  Company  and  its  affiliates  ( foreign  or  domestic ).  F or  those  affiliates  whose  shares are partially owned by the Company  and  for  th ose  business partners who are  in business or contractual  relationship with  the Company, we  recommend that they  comply with  this Code  of the  Company.  Addenda  ( January 1,  2006)  1.  This Code shall  come into effect  on  January 1, 2006.  2.  A  S eparate “ Code of Ethics  Guidelines” ha s  been  established  so  that members of the Company  may properly interpret  this Code  and  act upon it .  Addenda ( October 24,  2016)

1.  This Code shall  come into  effect  on  October 24, 2016.  Addenda ( April 28,  2017)  1.  This Code shall  come into effect on  April 28, 2017.  Addenda  ( June  1,  2019)  1.  This Code shall come into effect on  June  1, 2019.  Addenda  ( October  6 ,  20 23 )  1.  This Code shall come into effect on  October 6,  20 23 .  【 End 】


</Energy_Korea_SK innovation_2023.pdf>