This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Energy_China_China Three Gorges_2019.pdf>

1  CODE OF CONDUCT

2  PHILOSOPHY, MANAGEMENT AND APPLICATION  1.  POLICY  D irectors  (being regional directors and officers of CTG Global Managed Services  DMCC) ,  employees,  contractors  and  consultants  (hereinafter  referred  to  as  “Stakeholders”)  engaged  by  CTG  or  any  subsidiary  or  associated  company  (hereinafter referred to as “CTG”)  shall  conduct  themselves in accordance with  this  Code of Conduct (hereinafter referred to as the “Code”)  (which reflects  the values of  CTG ) .  The environments in which CTG operates are often  fragile, post - conflict or post - disaster  regions , with the potential for individuals to be exposed to extreme risk and personal  injury. This Code is designed so that adherence to it by  s takeholders will ensure their  wellbeing and ensure that CTG conducts itself as a responsible and ethical services  provider.  2.  STATEMENT FROM THE BOARD  The board of directors of CTG  ( the  “ Board" )  is committed to ensuring that  s takeholders  comply with this Code and thereby conduct themselves and CTG’s business in keeping  with the highest moral and  ethical standards. The Board wishes to promote a culture of  ethical and accountable behavior and encourages the reporting  (whether to applicable  CTG  person n el  or through CTG’s whistleblow ing mechanism )  of corrupt practices,  breaches of the law and matters potentially detrimental to CTG’s business or reputation.  3.  CORE PRINCIPLES  This Code is underpinned by a set of core  principles  that ensure CTG conducts its  business in compliance with the letter and spirit of the law .  These principles guide us to  operate in a socially responsible manner, prioriti s ing the best interests of our clients,  stakeholders, and the communities we serve .  CTG’s  core  principles  are:  •  Integrity  •  Accountability  •  Transparency  •  Respect  •  Inclusion  To implement these core  principles , CTG follows specific guidelines  on  how  to do  business and how  to operate  ( such as  compliance with the law, ethical conduct,  operationa l  excellence ) .  In  addition  to  its  core  principles , CTG, as a signatory to the UN Global Compact, expects  all  s takeholders to understand, adhere to and  support the  Ten Principles of the United  Nations Global Compact  and  the  7 Women’s Empowerment Principles .  4.  SCOPE AND APPLICATION  This  c ode, and the regulations, rules, policies and procedures referred to or linked to  herein, appl y  to all  s takeholders. All  s takeholders are required to confirm that they have  read  and understood  the Code and confirm that they will  conform to  its provisions.

3  In  addition,  where  a  s takeholder  retains  third - party  agents,  contractors  and/or  consultants (“Third Parties”) to represent or perform work on behalf of CTG, the  s takeholder shall make them aware (a) of this  c ode and (b) the requirement that when  acting for or on behalf of CTG  t hird  p arties are required to conduct themselves in  accordance with this  c ode.  CTG maintains a  zero - tolerance  policy for any violation of this  c ode and the regulations,  rules, policies and procedures referred or linked to herein; any such  violations shall result  in  (i)  disciplinary action up to and including dismissal in accordance with the relevant  labour law  or (ii) appropriate contractual enforcement, up to and including immediate  termination of any applicable contract.  5.  CONFLICT OF INTEREST  A “conflict of interest” occurs when  political,  personal or financial interests interfere  with CTG’s interests or the interests of CTG’s clients or partners.  Stakeholders must  avoid (i) any conflict of interest and  (ii)  any situation that creates even the appearance  of a conflict of interest. For example,  s takeholders must not, without prior written  consent of a  d irector:  •  offer their skills or services to competitors or potential competitors ;  •  engage in or directly or indirectly have an equity interest in a business that  competes with or sells goods or services that are competitive to CTG ;  •  offers similar services directly to CTG’s clients;  •  recommend or place business with a firm owned or controlled by another  s takeholder or his or her family;  •  act as a consultant to a supplier, client or competitor of CTG or be employed by  them or take money from them;  •  have any financial or other relationships with local business partners, suppliers,  clients or competitors that would impair the independence of any judgement they  may need to make on behalf of CTG;  •  perform, for any personal gain, services to any CTG supplier of goods or services  or any other organization that does business with or serves CTG;  •  use their position for personal gain or to benefit any other business or person in  any way that might contradict either the spirit or literal meaning of this Code ; or  •  gain personal enrichment as a result of access to confidential information through  their role  at, or  with ,  CTG.  Any existing business activity  or work  which does, or may, represent a conflict of interest  must be  disclosed  to  the  Ethics Committee  immediately .  In matters of conflict, or potential conflict  of interest ,  it is recogni s ed that there will be  degrees of influence or involvement.  In all cases of doubt  s takeholders are expected to  exercise maturity of judgment  and  act at all times in the best interests of CTG .  If there  is any doubt, the matter should be reported to the Ethics Committee for review, advice,  and further action.  Conflicts of interest should be regularly reviewed and updated,  especially if stakeholders' roles or relationships change over time.  CTG ’s Executive  Committee  shall  be responsible for  disclos ing  to  CTG’s  clients any  situation that may appear  to pose  a  conflict of interest with respect to the relevant  contract. CTG ’s Executive  Committee  shall  also disclose to its clients if any official or  professional under contract with CTG’s clients may have an interest of any kind in CTG’s  business or any kind of economic ties with CTG.  F ailure to disclose conflicts of interest could lead to  (i)  disciplinary action, including  termination or legal action  or  (ii) appropriate contractual enforcement, up to and  including immediate termination of any applicable contract.

4  6.  RESPONSIBILITIES FOR DEALING WITH EXTERNAL PARTIES  Stakeholders must not, without prior written authority from a  d irector, directly or  indirectly state that they are representing CTG, its clients or its public position in respect  to any matter .  Stakeholders must never  (unless specifically engaged by CTG  or CTG’s  clients  to do such)  suggest that they are speaking on behalf of CTG  or CTG’s clients  when presenting personal views at community, professional, cultural events ,  on the  internet  or  on any form of  social media  (including but not limited to Facebook, Instagram,  Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Snap c hat, What s App, Viber) . CTG’s  and CTG’s clients’  brand, logo and service mark must only be used for CTG  or CTG’s clients’  purposes in  strict  compliance with CTG  and/or CTG’s  c lients’  procedures and may not be use d  for  other reasons without prior approval from a  d irector.  Stakeholders must  refrain from  directly or indirectly engag ing  in any activity , either alone  or in association with  others, that  could  cause CTG or its  client’s public embarrassment ,  reputational risk  or attract unfavorable attention from media  (including social media ),  local  /  national  authorities  or  the  public.  This  includes  actions,  behaviors,  or  communications that could negatively impact CTG's or its clients' reputation, public  perception, or legal standing  (and includes, but is not limited to, inappropriate personal  comments on social media) .  Stakeholders must use all reasonable efforts to ensure that (i) they do not associate  with and that none of the funds or resources received as a result of the relationship with  CTG  are used to provide support to individuals or entities associated with terrorism,  individuals or entities who appear on the list maintained by the Security Council  Committee  established  pursuant  to  resolution  1267  (1999)  ( http://www.un.org/sc/committees/1267/1267.htm ), the  Consolidated United Nations  Security  Council  Sanctions  List  ( https://www.un.org/sc/suborg/en/sanctions/un - sc -  consolidated - list ) or any other similar list that may be established by the UN Security  Council and (ii) that none of the funds or resources received as a result of the  relationship with CTG are  used in any other manner that is prohibited by a resolution of  the United Nations Security Council adopted under Chapter VII of the charter of the  United Nations .  (a)  Political Activities  While  s takeholders’ political beliefs remain inviolable,  s takeholders must ensure that  those views do not adversely affect their duties and/or the neutrality, impartiality and  independence of their status when representing the  c ompany or its clients. This means  that  s takeholders shall refrain from publicly  (including on social media)  expressing their  political views in a manner which might directly or indirectly appear as if they are  speaking on behalf of or in association with CTG or CTG’s clients. Stakeholders must  further not misrepresent their relationship wit h CTG or CTG’s clients.  Although CTG  s takeholders are free to exercise their right to vote, they may not be  candidates for public office, whether at a national or local level. The holding of a political  party office, membership  of any political campaign committee, acceptance or solicitation  of any financial contribution for political purposes is also improper.  Stakeholders should  exercise discretion in their support of a political party, political candidate or political issue  and refrain from delivering public speeches, statements  to  the press or articles on such  matters.  It  is the stakeholder’s responsibility to  immediately  disclose any affiliations or  political activity which may create a conflict of interest.  7.  DEALING WITH FORMER STAKEHOLDERS  Stakeholders must not discuss proprietary or confidential business matters or share any  information about a client, supplier, business partner, present or former colleague or  other  s takeholders with former  s takeholders.

5  Doing business with former  s takeholders should be discussed and approved in writing  by a  d irector , in consultation with the Ethics Committee . If a Stakeholder has any  doubts  or  questions about the  appropriateness  of communicating with former  s takeholders ,  they should discuss  and  seek guidance and clarification from a  d irector  (with copy to  the Ethics Committee) . This step is essential to protect the interests of CTG, its clients,  and stakeholders, ensuring that any actions taken are in full compliance with  CTG’s  policies and legal  requirements.  8.  IMPROPER USE OF CTG OR ITS CLIENTS’ INFORMATION  Stakeholders  will,  on  occasion,  have  access  to  private,  confidential  or  sensitive  information  including  but  not  limited  to  business  affairs,  transactions,  accounts,  operations,  work,  trade  secrets,  investigations,  discoveries,  intellectual  property,  financing, personnel, government information, business and management systems,  private communications, medical records, payroll and financial information.  Stakeholders must not disclose confidential information  belonging to  or pertaining to  CTG or any of its clients to any third party without prior written consent of a  d irector of  CTG.  For the avoidance of doubt, confidentiality of information should also be adhered  to internally and  only  shared internally to other Stakeholders  as necessary and  permitted.  If  confidential information must be shared with  t hird parties  (in compliance with all  confidentiality undertakings and this Code), such third parties  must agree in writing and  in  advance  to  observe  confidentiality  restrictions  in  respect  to  such  information.  Stakeholders must not use any information  about  CTG or its clients for the purpose of  directly or indirectly obtaining personal gain or to advantage any other person or entity.  Accessing, using and/or disclosing such information other than in the legitimate pursuit  of employment duties constitutes misuse.  Any misuse or unauthorised  release of such  information, either during employment or subsequent to the conclusion of employment  at CTG, may be grounds for disciplinary action up to and including dismissal , termination  of contract  and/or the initiation of legal action against the  s takeholder.  9.  DATA PROTECTION  AND PRIVACY  CTG’s Privacy Policy  sets out the details of the collection, storage, use, disclosure,  access to, and correction of personal data by CTG. Protecting sensitive data and  preventing its abuse or misuse are both essential  to CTG’s operations. CTG is  committed to protecting the in formation and data it handles or that is handled on its  behalf and CTG will aim to prevent actions which could result in harm, embarrassment,  inconvenience, or unfairness to anyone with whom it has a relationship with. This  obligation i s equally vital for all  s takeholders who work with CTG. It is the essential duty  of every  s takeholder to preserve and protect the privacy rights and personal data of all  those they deal with in the performance of their duties. This includes collecting,  maintaining, transmitting, or storing personal data as per CTG’s policies and legal best  pract ice and using proper  collection, transmission , and storage methods.  CTG expects all its  s takeholders  to  ensure they are aware of and comply with all  applicable laws regarding  d ata  p rotection and  p rivacy (for example the EU’s General  Data  Protection  Regulation  (2016/679)) .  https://2z8wph1nziup1zx4ko89iqbn -  wpengine.netdna - ssl.com/wp - content/uploads/2020/07/Privacy - Policy.pdf  W here there  are no applicable laws in place or where those laws are basic or out of date  CTG expects  a t  a  minimum that  all its  s takeholders  conform to the  following principles based on the  United Nations Global Pulses’s  Privacy and Data Protection Principles . :  •  To only access, analy s e  and otherwise use data that has been obtained by lawful  and fair means, including, where appropriate, with the knowledge of the individual;

6  •  To ensure, to the extent possible, that all  the data used by CTG  s takeholders for  business purposes is adequate, relevant and not excessive in relation to the  legitimate and fair purposes for which the data was obtained;  •  To not knowingly or purposefully access, analy s e or otherwise use personal data  which was shared by an individual with a reasonable expectation of privacy without  the knowledge or consent of the individual;  •  To ensure reasonable and appropriate technical and organi s ational safeguards  are in place to prevent unauthori s ed disclosure or breach of data;  •  To ensure that data use is limited to the minimum necessary for CTG to perform  its business in line with its contractual and/or legal requirements; and  •  To ensure that the data used for CTG’s business purposes is stored only for the  necessary duration and that any retention of it is justified.  To learn more about how CTG  manages and  expects its  s takeholders to manage  personal data; please read CTG’s Privacy Policy  here.  Failure to comply with the abovementioned principles or with the applicable law  regarding data protection and privacy , may be grounds for disciplinary action up to and  including dismissal and/or the initiation of legal action against the Stakeholder .  10.  ANTI - BRIBERY AND ANTI - CORRUPTION  A “bribe” is defined as an offer, promise or authorisation, to give, or the giving of,  anything of value to influence the actions of a third party  (e.g., clients, suppliers,  intermediaries, agents, contractors, or government officials) . Bribes may include money,  gifts, travel, hospitality, discounts, favours , business or employment opportunities,  political or charitable contributions or any direct or indirect benefit or consideration given  with the intent to persuade someone to act in one’s favour. Bribery violates anti -  corruption laws. All  s takeholders must make themselves aware of and follow all  applicable anti - corruption laws  (including but not limited to the UK Bribery Act and the  FCPA) .  It is CTG’s policy to conduct its business in an honest and ethical manner; there is a zero -  tolerance approach to bribery and corruption. CTG is  committed  to acting professionally,  fairly and with integrity in all our business dealings and relationships wherever our  operations are being conducted.  Additionally, the  c ompany is committed to implementing  and enforcing systems to counter bribery and corruption. In short it is a breach of policy  amounting to gross misconduct to:  •  Bribe a third party ;  •  Accept a bribe ;  •  Bribe a foreign government official ; or  •  Fail to report bribery.  Any  inciden ce  or suspected incidence of bribery and corruption is to be reported  immediately  to the  Whistleblower  line and/or to the Ethics Committee  and it is to be  investigated fully prior to any action being taken.  The  c ompany’s full policy and procedures on anti - bribery and corruption can be found  here .  11.  REPORTING AND RECORDS  Stakeholders must ensure that all CTG accounting records accurately and fairly reflect,  in reasonable detail, all transactions and any relevant bases and factors underpinning  or affecting them, any relevant contingencies, and all CTG’s assets and liabiliti es.

7  Accounting  records  must  be  maintained  in  accordance  with  generally  accepted  international accounting principles and the financial and accounting policies issued by  CTG. Any  stakeholder  found to have intentionally prepared inaccurate reports, forms or  other documents that will be relied upon by CTG to be an accurate record of the  circumstances described in the record or that are to be disclosed to  t hird  p arties or  clients  shall be subject to disciplinary action up to and including dismissal.  Stakeholders  must  fully  cooperate  with  CTG’s  internal  and  external  auditors.  Stakeholders must not knowingly make false or misleading statements to the internal or  external  auditors of CTG and must not conceal any relevant information from the internal  or external auditors of CTG.  Documents and other records must be retained in accordance with the requirements of  the  law,  governing  contracts  and/or  CTG  policy.  Stakeholders  must  familiari s e  themselves with these requirements and act accordingly; if the Stakeholder has any  queries they should seek advice from a  d irector.  Documents that are in any way related to an ongoing or potential investigation of CTG  by any government or UN agency must be protected and cannot be destroyed unless  and until any such investigation has ended and destruction has been authorized by a  d irector.  CTG corporate records  and documents must not be removed from CTG premises or  used for personal gain or benefit. From  time - to - time  CTG may be involved in legal  proceedings that may require CTG to retain or make some records available to third  parties. The law regarding retention of documents applies equally to all of CTG’s  records, whether in electronic or paper format, including for mal reports as well as  informal data such as e - mail, expense reports and internal memos.  If the existence of a  lawsuit or thre atened legal claim, subpoena or a government investigation is known or  reported to you, you should immediately contact the CEO and you must retain all related  records.  Stakeholders are on notice that it is a crime to alter, destroy, modify or conceal  documentation or other objects that are relevant to an investigation or otherwise  obstruct, influence or impede an official proceeding and any such behavior shall result  in  disciplinary procedures up to and including dismissal and/or the initiation of legal  ac tion against the  s takeholder.  12.  USE OF CTG  AND CTG’S CLIENTS’  FUNDS  All stakeholders are  required to follow CTG procedures in relation to the use of assets  provided by CTG  and/or CTG’s clients , the incurring of expenses related to CTG  business  and/or CTG’s clients’ projects  and the spending of CTG funds.  Misappropriation of CTG  or CTG’s clients’  funds shall not be tolerated; company,  divisional and consolidated budgets must be adhered to at all times unless prior written  consent of a  d irector has been obtained.  Stakeholders must  never participate  (directly or indirectly)  in  any  dishonest  or fraudulent  activity  in relation to  funds of  CTG, CTG’s clients and suppliers. This may not only entail  disciplinary actions  and/or termination of contract  but also result in criminal charges.  If any  s takeholder is found to have committed a dishonest or fraudulent act; misused or  misappropriated CTG funds; embezzled CTG funds; forged or altered negotiable  instruments (such as CTG cheques or drafts); misappropriated CTG, client, partner or  colleagues ’ assets; used CTG cash, securities, supplies, property or other assets for  personal use; mishandled or misreported transactions; or falsified financial records,  reports or statements they shall be subject to disciplinary procedures up to and including  dismissal , termination of contract  and/or the initiation of legal action against the  s takeholder.

8  13.  ANTI - FRAUD  AND  ANTI - COLLUSION  To commit fraud means to intentionally deceive a person or organisation in order to  secure unfair or unlawful gain. An act of fraud can be considered a criminal offence,  depending on its severity and consequences.  To engage in collusion means to secretly cooperate or conspire with others to deceive or  manipulate a process for unfair or  unlawful gain. Collusion often involves unethical  agreements between individuals or entities to distort competition, misrepresent facts, or  circumvent established procedures.  Fraudulent  and collusive  acts seriously damage CTG and our client’s professional  reputation. This is why CTG has a zero - tolerance policy when it comes to  these prohibited  activities .  CTG is committed to preventing fraud  and collusion  from occurring in our  operations, to developing an anti - fraud culture and to the thorough and transparent  investigation of any reported cases.  Any incidence or suspected incidence of fraud  or collusion  must be  reported  via the  whistleblower line and to the Ethics Committee  and it is to be investigated fully prior to  any action being taken.  14.  USE OF CTG  AND CTG’S CLIENTS’ ASSETS  All  s takeholders are responsible for safeguarding assets under his or her control .  Stakeholders have a responsibility to protect CTG and CTG’s clients’ assets from loss,  theft, misuse , destruction  and waste.  Stakeholders must never participate (directly or  indirectly) in any dishonest or fraudulent activity involving the property or assets (e.g.  theft).  In general, personal use of supplies, equipment or premises belonging to CTG or CTG’s  clients for non - work related purposes is prohibited, unless prior permission is received  from  a  d irector.  General  exceptions  include  the  occasional  use  of  CTG - owned  computers to send and receive personal e - mail s  and the use of CTG telephones to  make or receive personal, local telephone calls so long as neither activity interferes with  CTG business and adheres to CTG internal policies for expense reimbursements,  m obile phone usage and company asset usage. Be aware that personal use of CTG  computers and mobile phones may be visible to CTG and CTG reserves the right to  access  your  CTG  computer/emails/files/call  logs/messages  without  notice.  Stakeholders  must  ensure  t hat  their  occasional  personal  use  does  not  cause  embarrassment to the Stakeholder or CTG.  CTG and CTG’s clients’ assets , including computer and mobile devices, shall never be  used to conduct prohibited or illegal activity, including illegal internet searches.  Where CTG owns the computers and/or mobile devices supplied to  s takeholders all  correspondence that is sent from or received through the company’s systems or on a  company asset is also owned by CTG. CTG may be required to provide emails,  computer files, text messages, call logs etc in the case of investigation, litigat ion or  governmental inquiry.  15.  ALCOHOL,  DRUGS  AND  GAMBLING  The misuse of  alcohol and  legitimate drugs, except as prescribed by a  m edical  p ractitioner, whilst on active duty, will  result in disciplinary action up to and including  dismissal  or termination of contract .

9  The use, possession, distribution or sale at any time of illicit or non - prescribed drugs,  other controlled substances or locally produced organic substances deemed illegal  under local Law will result in disciplinary action up to and including dismissal  or  termination of contract .  CTG reserves the right to inform appropriate authorities.  If the country of operation prohibits the consumption and/or possession of alcohol  s takeholders must adhere to and respect such local customs and laws; in such countries  the use, possession, distribution or sale of alcohol will result in disciplinary action up to  and including dismissal  or termination of contract .  Stakeholders are strictly prohibited from consuming alcohol during working hours,  including breaks  or pauses in the workday. Attending work under the influence of drugs  or alcohol, which includes being visibly impaired or having an alcohol concentration that  affects job performance  is strictly prohibited and will be subject to disciplinary action up  to and including dismissal.  CTG reserves the right to test its  s takeholders or those of  t hird  p arties at random for  substance abuse, without prior warning.  If the country of operation prohibits the participation in gambling activities, stakeholders  must adhere to and respect such local customs and laws; in such countries ,  partaking  in gambling activities will result in disciplinary action up to and including dismissal.  Furthermore, gambling should not take place on CTG property.  16.  CULTURAL AWARENESS  It is a requirement that  s takeholders understand and are sensitive to the nuances of  different cultures and religions and that they respect the legitimate beliefs and faiths of  all people. It must be appreciated that this is fundamental to  the  safety and effectiveness  of CTG’s operations. Respect for host nations, cultures and practices lies at the heart  of CTG’s operations and CTG has a zero - tolerance policy for any lack of consideration  or respect for such practices and norms.  17.  HUMAN RIGHTS  Respect for  the fundamental  human rights of  s takeholders  and of  persons  who  s takeholders encounter in and around the places CTG operates  while  carrying out CTG  services and responsibilities is a cornerstone of CTG’s values. In particular:  (b)  Equal  o pportunities/ d iscrimination  CTG will ensure that all activities are conducted in a manner that provides fair and equal  treatment and access for all people. CTG shall not, and shall require that  s takeholders  do not, at any time, discriminate on grounds of race, colour, religion, gender, age,  political  opinion,  nationality,  social  or  ethnic  origin /  background ,  social  status,  indigenous status, union membership, marital  or civil partnership  status ,  physical ability,  health  condition,  pregnancy  or  maternity,  disability,  or  sexual  orientat ion ,  care  responsibilities,  or any other factor which  cannot be justified.  CTG is committed to the principle of equal opportunity in employment for all people and  looks to ensure equity and diversity in the workplace. CTG expects each  s takeholder to  judge and interact with other  s takeholders solely on their merit, and with maturity and  mutual respect.  All employment decisions, including recruitment, hiring, training, promotion, pay, job  assignments, discipline and discharge shall be solely based on merit and the inherent  requirements of any contract; CTG reserves the right to select the most suitable

10  s takeholders for tasking and deployment, having regard to assessed levels of risk of  personal or fatal injury.  CTG will not tolerate any form of discrimination and should any  s takeholder during their  engagement with CTG encounter such ,  it should be reported in writing immediately to  the  Ethics Committee . Instances of discrimination that are, following an investigation,  proven on the balance of probabilities shall result in disciplinary action up to and  including dismissal.  (c)  Treatment of  o thers  with dignity and respect  CTG strongly believes that every person has the right to be treated with dignity and  respect and free from all forms of harassment. CTG expects all  s takeholders to be  courteous, fair and honest in their dealings with all other  s takeholders  (in particular  women and girls within the communities where CTG operates),  clients and third parties .  CTG  will  not  tolerate  abuse,  bullying,  violence,  exploitation  (sexual  or  other),  discrimination, harassment, arrogance, or any disparagement of other  s takeholders or  of its clients .  CTG will not tolerate  behavior by any person which is unfair towards or  with respect to any other person or group . A ll  s takeholders have an obligation to ensure  they do not engage in or condone such behavior.  CTG will not tolerate aggressive or  abusive behaviour against any of its permanent staff. CTG permanent staff work hard  t o deliver excellent customer services but are sometimes required to deliver difficult  messages or may not be able to offer a desired solution to a problem. Aggressive,  intimidating  and abusive comments, messages or  actions directed towards CTG  permanent  st aff  which  are  not  acceptable  will  be  reported,  investigated  and,  if  necessary, result in disciplinary action.  CTG is highly committed to protecting vulnerable persons and will make every reasonable  effort to protect them, in particular women and children from the local communities in  which CTG has operations, from abuse and neglect.  CTG’s  Safeguarding and PSEAH  Policy  provides all  s takeholders with effective and clear mechanisms to prevent, detect  and report, abuse and neglect.  Any such behavior is in breach of the high standards  required by CTG  s takeholders by this Code of Conduct, however, in light of recent issues  within the humanitarian sphere, the GGC feels it is important to specifically address sexual  harassment and sexual exploitation and abuse.  i.  Sexual Harassment  Sexual harassment can be defined as any improper or unwelcome  sexual advance,  request for sexual favour, verbal or physical conduct or gesture of a sexual nature,  or any other  behavior of a sexual nature  that might reasonably be expected or  perceived to cause offence or humiliation to another person.  Sexual harassment can have a detrimental effect on the victim’s physical and  psychological wellbeing, morale and can also disrupt the work environment and  close - knit environments in which CTG  s takeholders often live.  Sexual harassment in any form will not be tolerated by CTG. All complaints of  sexual harassment will be treated seriously and investigated by CTG. Disciplinary  sanctions will be applied where appropriate.  CTG  will not, however, tolerate any false or malicious accusations,  and therefore  any proven false or malicious accusations of sexual harassment will also be  deemed a breach of the standards of conduct required by CTG  s takeholders and  disciplinary  sanctions applied as appropriate.  ii.  Sexual Exploitation and Abuse

11  Sexual exploitation can be defined as any actual or attempted abuse of a position  of vulnerability, differential power, or trust, for sexual purposes, including, but not  limited to, profiting monetarily, socially or politically from the sexual exploitation  of  another.  Sexual abuse can be defined as the actual or threatened physical intrusion of a  sexual nature, whether by force or under unequal or coercive conditions.  CTG does not tolerate any threats of, or actual, violence, sexual exploitation or  abuse, verbal or psychological abuse by its  s takeholders.  All sexual activity with a child (any person under the age of 18) is prohibited  regardless of the age of majority or consent locally and is considered as sexual  abuse. Mistaken belief in the age of a child is not a  defence .  Stakeholders must read and comply fully with the UN Secretary - General’s Bulletin  of  9  October  2003  entitled  “ Special  Measures  for  Protection  from  Sexual  Exploitation  and  Sexual  Abuse”  (ST/SGB/2003/13) ,  the  Secretary - General’s  Bulletin of 18 June 2002 entitled  " Regulations Governing the Status, Basic Rights  and Duties of Officials other than Secretariat Officials, and Experts on Mission"  (ST/SGB/2002/9)  and the  UNOPS Policy on prevention of harassment, sexual  harassment, and abuse of authority.  Stakeholders must also undertake the following  mandatory  training s ,  in addition to  any  further  trainings  req ue sted  by CTG :  •  Safeguarding Essentials  •  The Prevention of Sexual Exploitation and Abuse  Any  s takeholder who believes, in good faith, that he or she has witnessed or been the  victim of  harassment, sexual exploitation or abuse should report this immediately to the  Ethics Committee (ethics@ctg.org). Instances of harassment that are, following an  investigation, proven  to the standard required,  shall result in disciplinary action up to  and including dismissal.  (d)  Safeguarding  CTG recognizes that our sector is not free from potential abuse and exploitation. We are  committed to  s afeguarding, which we take to mean protecting people, including women,  children, and at - risk adults, from harm that arises from coming into contact with our staff  or programmes. As such, CTG takes a zero - tolerance stance on all forms of abuse and  exploitat ion.  To action this commitment CTG  will make every reasonable effort to ensure  that all  s takeholders, clients and third parties  protect  all people, but particularly children, at risk  adults  and  beneficiaries  of  assistance  from  harm.  To  that  end,  the  company  has  developed a Safeguarding Policy and Procedure which provides all  s takeholders with  effective and clear mechanisms to prevent, detect and report abuse and neglect.  CTG is  aware that various factors, including a lack of  awareness of risk, knowledge of abuse,  confidence to respond and clear organi s ational practices  in our sector  persist  an d can  undermine our safeguarding responsibility. The Safeguarding Policy and Procedure’s  purpose is to empower all  s takeholders with knowledge to combat  actions and behaviour  which undermine our clients’ goals, and which endanger  any person’s  welfare.  Any such  behaviour is in breach of the high standards required of CTG Stakeholder by this Code of  Conduct.  If you  are  found to be  in breach of CTG’s commitment to  Safeguarding  and  the  Prevention of Sexual Exploitation and Abuse  as outlined in this Code of Conduct and  associated policies,  disciplinary action up to and including termination will be taken.  All

12  suspected  breaches  must  be  reported  immediately  to  CTG’s  Ethics  Committee  ( ethics@ctg.org )  or via the Whistleblower line.  (e)  Labour  rights and working conditions  CTG recogn is es and respects the rights of staff to freely associate, organi s e  and  bargain collectively in accordance with the laws of the countries in which they are  employed.  CTG  recogni s es  the  importance  of  open  communication  and  direct  engagement between workers and management. CTG will respect the rights of staff to  associate  freely  and  communicate  openly  with  management  regarding  working  conditions without fear of harassment, intimidat ion, penalty, interference or reprisal.  CTG does not use forced, bonded or indentured labour or involuntary prison labour. All  work, including overtime work, will be voluntary and staff are free to leave their  employment with CTG upon reasonable notice. CTG will comply with all applicable  workin g hour requirements as established by local law and further comply with all laws  and regulations regarding wages and hours, including those pertaining to minimum  wages, overtime wages, piece rates and other elements of compensation and will  provide legally  mandated benefits to all staff.  (f)  Child Labour  All CTG  s takeholders must respect the rights of children (anyone under the age of 18).  The minimum admission to employment or work shall not be less than the age of  completion of compulsory schooling (which is generally not less than fifteen or fourteen  years  in those countries subject to the developing country exception of the ILO  Convention 138 ). In the event young workers are engaged through a workplace  internship or  apprenticeship programme, CTG will comply with all laws and regulations  governing such p rogrammes. Additionally, CTG will not engage any young workers to  perform any work that is likely to be hazardous or to interfere with the young  workers’  education or that may be harmful to the young worker’s health, physical, mental, social,  spiritual or moral development.  All  s takeholders must ensure that CTG activities do not involve any form of child slavery,  trafficking, debt bondage, serfdom, use of children in armed service, child prostitution,  sexual exploitation, illicit acts or work that by its nature or circumstances is  likely to harm  the health, safety or morals of children.  CTG  s takeholders are expected to report any such activity that they become aware  of  or  have reasonable suspicion of to the competent authorities and the  Ethics Committee .  If child labour is involved or there is suspicion of its involvement in the supply of any  service that CTG relies upon for its business an alternative supplier will be sought until  the matter has been investigated.  (g)  Human Trafficking  For  the  purpose  of  this  c ode  human  trafficking  is  the  recruitment,  harboring,  transportation, provision, or obtaining of a person for (1) a commercial sex act induced  by force, fraud, coercion, or in which the person induced to perform such an act has not  attained 18 years of age;  or (2) labour or services, through the use of force, fraud, or  coercion for the purpose of subjection to involuntary servitude, debt bondage or slavery.  CTG  s takeholders will not engage in human trafficking, nor engage with any  third - party  provider involved in such activities.  CTG requires its  s takeholders to remain vigilant to  such activities and to report any suspected or discovered instances to the competent  authorities and the  Ethics Committee .  (h)  Slavery

13  CTG  s takeholders will not use slavery, forced or compulsory labour, or be complicit in  any other entities use of such labour.  18.  HEALTH AND SAFETY  All  s takeholders will conduct CTG activities in compliance with all relevant legislation,  regulations and directives applicable to the country of operation to ensure a safe and  healthy workplace. In addition ,  all CTG  s takeholders will comply with the applicable  health and safety policies for a client or a site, whilst working for a client or visiting a  client’s site.  19.  ENVIRONMENTAL POLICY  CTG is committed to safeguarding the natural environment and expects  s takeholders  to conduct and manage their activities in an environmentally sustainable manner. All  activities will be planned and managed to ensure minimum environmental impact  and,  in a manner,  sensitive to the cultural and social norms of the people they may affect; as  a guideline CTG expects all operations to abide by a ‘leave no trace’ approach.  Furthermore,  s takeholders must know  and follow  the  environmental  policies and  regulations that apply in their area of business and locale. Stakeholders should report  any violations of environmental policies or potential hazards to their supervisor or a CTG  Director.  20.  CONDUCTING BUSINESS  CTG is committed to conducting its activities in compliance with all applicable local laws  and regulations.  Business conducted overseas must be undertaken in accordance with applicable local  laws whilst maintaining the highest ethical, social and moral values. Where ambiguity  exists between local and International law,  s takeholders are to adopt the higher  standard.  21.  COMPLIANCE WITH LAW  Stakeholders shall, at all times be and remain subject to applicable local State, Territory  and Federal laws of the country of operation and shall conduct themselves accordingly  at all times. It is the  s takeholders’ responsibility to  learn,  understand and conform with  these laws. Stakeholders must promptly direct any questions, issues or request for  further training on these areas to their manager or the  E thics  C ommittee .  Stakeholders are on notice that it is easy to inadvertently breach local law in many  overseas jurisdictions, and the consequences of doing so can be extremely severe. The  rule of law may be tenuous in certain locations. Stakeholders must therefore proceed  with extreme caution and ensure compliance with local laws and regulations.  Stakeholders are on notice that CTG will report any conduct (whether suspected or  conclusive) of an unlawful nature to local police authorities for investigation and  prosecution, without notice to the Stakeholder concerned.  22.  PROCUREMENT  CTG will conduct its business fairly, impartially, in an ethical manner and in full  compliance with all applicable  laws and regulations as they apply to CTG’s business  around the world. Stakeholders involved in proposals, bid preparation or contract

14  negotiations must be certain that all statements, communications, certifications and  representations to prospective and current clients are accurate and truthful.  At all times when engaging with the UN, CTG and its stakeholders shall take special  care to fully comply with all  current and applicable  regulations, rules, policies and  procedures that apply to UN procurement and contracting with the UN  (the “UN  Regulations”) .  Stakeholders preparing or otherwise supporting the preparation of bids and proposals  to the UN shall be  familiar and  comply with all applicable UN Regulations.  Any Stakeholder who obtains or receives confidential or proprietary information related  to UN procurement is (i) required to promptly notify his or her supervisor and (ii) strictly  prohibited from using such information unless it is publicly available or p rovided officially  by the UN. Improper disclosure of such confidential or proprietary information could  violate laws protecting such information.  CTG maintains a  zero - tolerance  policy for any violation of the UN  r egulations; any  violations of the UN  r egulations shall result in immediate dismissal in accordance with  relevant labour laws.  At all times when engaging with  the  FCDO , including when supporting the preparation  of bids and proposals to  the  FCDO ,  s takeholders  shall be familiar, and comply, with all  applicable codes, conditions and regulations including but not limited to:  •  https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/  attachment_data/file/1043334/Supply - Partner - Code - of - Conduct1.docx.odt  •  https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk/government/uploads/system/uploads/  attachment_data/file/415236/Conflicts - Interest - Gifts - Hospitality - Policy.pdf.  23.  ANTITRUST AND FAIR COMPETITION  CTG is committed to complying with the antitrust laws in every jurisdiction in which CTG  does business. CTG’s  s takeholders must not engage in any form of price fixing, bid  rigging, territory dividing or other similar activities with competitors that negatively  impact clients or are counter to free market principles. CTG will compete for business  fairly and will not  communicate with competitors regarding prices, costs, profits or  marketing strategies.  24.  MARKETING AND ADVERTISING  CTG is committed to representing its services and offerings fairly, honestly and  accurately.  s takeholders must not release any advertising, marketing or promotional  material th at  unfairly describes the services of a competitor or makes disparaging  comments or innuendo. All advertising, marketing and promotional material must be  signed off by a  d irector.  As part of CTG’s gender equality agenda,  the portrayal of  harmful gender stereotypes  is strictly monitored and banned throughout the entirety of CTG’s operations including,  but not limited to, all advertising, marketing and promotional material released by the  Company.  Stakeholders are advised that advertising  (including on social media) , marketing and  promotional materials must not state that CTG provides or have provided services to  the UN .  Thus,  considered  effort must be made to ensure that any advertising, marketing  and promotional materials does not  contain the name, emblem or official seal of the UN

15  or any UN agency unless prior written consent has been obtained from the  UN client  named .  25.  INTERNATIONAL TRADE  Various  governments  and  multinational  organisations  control  the  international  movement  of  certain  commodities,  manufactured  products,  technical  data,  and  services, and maintain full or partial trade embargoes and economic sanctions on  certain targeted coun tries, entities and individuals. These controls may apply to imports,  exports, financial transactions, investments, and other types of business dealings. CTG  and its  s takeholders will comply with international trade laws.  26.  WHISTLEBLOWERS  CTG is committed to maintaining a safe reporting environment that is free of fear,  bullying and  other negative consequences.  Our full Whistleblowing  p rocedure  can be  found  here  and must be adhered to.  CTG expects its  s takeholders to be proactive; all  s takeholders are expected to report to  the  Ethics Committee  ( ethics@ctg.org ) good faith concerns about actual or suspected  violations or this Code or any of the regulations, rules, policies and procedures referred  to or linked to herein.  CTG will not harass or retaliat e  against any  s takeholder  or person  who reports, in good  faith, a suspected violation or concern or participates in the investigation of such  suspected violation or concern, nor will it tolerate harassment or retaliation by other  s takeholders. Retaliation  against  s takeholders who make such reports is subject to  disciplinary action up to and including dismissal. CTG will investigate all allegations of  retaliation, whether overt or subtle, and take appropriate action.  Furthermore, any Stakeholders found  by CTG  to have  harassed  or retaliated  against  any person  who has reported in good faith a suspected violation or concern as set out  above, will face disciplinary action up to and including dismissal or termination of  contract .  27.  CTG GOOD GOVERNANCE COMMITTEE  The Good Governance Committee’s (the “GGC”) objective is to promote operational  excellence  throughout  the  entire  organi s ation.  The  GGC  is  also  responsible  for  confirming CTG meets the benchmark parameters and legal requirements with respect  to the services we provide to our clients,  particularly  in relation to salaries, HR practices,  local labour law, industry standards, etc.  The GGC will be responsible for the periodic review and continuous improvement of this  Code, CTG’s policies and overall good governance across the board to reflect evolution  in international best practices. The GGC acts as an unofficial auditing body for C TG’s  corporate governance and as part of this monitors compliance with the Code to ensure  that the applicable compliance and ethical standards are met.  28.  CTG ETHICS COMMITTEE  The Ethics Committee is established to ensure a rapid and appropriate response in the  event that potential ethics issues arise or are reported via CTG’s whistleblowing  mechanism ( ethics@ctg.org ). The Ethics Committee is responsible for ensuring CTG  responds appropriately to any whistleblowing to minimi s e the impact on CTG (and  potentially the wider community) and to advise on, and promote, any changes that may

16  be necessary to CTG’s operational policies or otherwise to minimise any such reported  incident(s) going forward.  All stakeholders are expected to report to the Ethics Committee ( ethics@ctg.org ) good  faith  concerns  about  actual  or  suspected  violations  of  this  Code  or  any  of  the  regulations, rules, policies and procedures referred or linked to herein. The Chair and  no less than two other members of the Ethics Committee (selected by the Chair  depe nding on the nature and location of the issue raised) will meet within a minimum of  48 hours to  discuss the reported violation and shall promptly and thoroughly investigate  the issue and determine how best to address any reports made.  When required,  t he Ethics Committee will consult with the GGC and/or outside counsel  for assistance in determining the appropriate course of action.


</Energy_China_China Three Gorges_2019.pdf>