This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Entertainment_Indonesia_Nusantara Sejahtera Raya_2025.pdf>

COMPANY’S CODE  OF ETHICS POLICY  2024  PT Nusantara Sejahtera Raya Tbk www.cinema21.co.id

DECREE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  001/XXI-NSR-HCLD/SKP/II/2024  REGARDING  COMPANY’S CODE OF ETHICS POLICY  Considering  :  a.  That Good Corporate Governance  (“ GCG ”)  serves as the fundamental reference in  managing the Company;  b.  That in accordance with the establishment of the Company's vision and mission, it is necessary to implement the prevailing Company’s Code of Ethics Policy;  c.  That based on considerations a and b above, it is deemed necessary to establish a Decree Of The Board Of Directors regarding the Company's Code of Ethics Policy.  Referring to  :  1.  Article 25 of the Company Regulations of PT. Nusantara Sejahtera Raya Tbk  2.  Article 26 of the Company Regulations of PT. Nusantara Sejahtera Raya Tbk  3.  Article 27 of the Company Regulations of PT. Nusantara Sejahtera Raya Tbk  4.  Article 28 of the Company Regulations of PT. Nusantara Sejahtera Raya Tbk  5.  Article 29 of the Company Regulations of PT. Nusantara Sejahtera Raya Tbk  6.  Article 30 of the Company Regulations of PT. Nusantara Sejahtera Raya Tbk  7.  Article 39 of the Company Regulations of PT. Nusantara Sejahtera Raya Tbk  DECIDES  To establish  :  DECREE OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS  REGARDING COMPANY’S CODE OF ETHICS POLICY  Article 1  1.  The purpose of this decree is to serve as a guideline for the Company to ensure that its activities are conducted with integrity and in accordance with applicable laws and Company Regulations.  2.  The objectives of this decree are:  a.  To develop ethical behavior in accordance with high ethical standards for the corporation, the board of directors, and all employees;  b.  To foster good relationships with external parties based on GCG principles and the spirit of the Company’s Code of Ethics.  Article 2  1.  This Decree Of The Board Of Directors is effective as of February 1, 2024;  2.  Should any deficiencies or omissions be discovered in the future, appropriate revisions will be made accordingly.

2  TABLE OF CONTENTS  CHAPTER I – DEFINITIONS  ...................................................................................................................................1  CHAPTER II – INTRODUCTION ............................................................................................................................3  1.  Background .......................................................................................................................................................3  2.  Basis for the Establishment of the Company Code of Ethics Policy ............................................................3  3.  Company’s Vision and Mission .......................................................................................................................3  4.  Purpose, Objectives, and Benefits of the Company’s Code of Ethics ..........................................................4  CHAPTER III – PRINCIPLES OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE ...................................................................5  1.  Transparency ....................................................................................................................................................5  2.  Accountability ...................................................................................................................................................5  3.  Responsibility ....................................................................................................................................................5  4.  Independence ....................................................................................................................................................5  5.  Fairness ..............................................................................................................................................................5  CHAPTER IV – COMPANY’S BUSINESS ETHICS ..............................................................................................6  1.  Business Ethics ...............................................................................................................................................6  2.  Work Ethics ....................................................................................................................................................7  CHAPTER V – GUIDELINES FOR IMPLEMENTING THE CODE OF ETHICS ..........................................13  1.  Practical Principles .......................................................................................................................................13  2.  Socialization ...................................................................................................................................................13  3.  Violation Reporting .......................................................................................................................................13  4.  Sanctions for Violations ................................................................................................................................13

1  CHAPTER I  DEFINITIONS  1.  Company refers to  PT Nusantara Sejahtera Raya Tbk , headquartered at Jalan K.H. Wahid Hasyim No. 96A, Menteng, Central Jakarta, including its branches and/or representatives or operational areas, engaged in the business of cinema entertainment services, primarily related to film screening activities and all supporting business activities under the brand names "CINEMA XXI," "CINEMA 21," "The Premiere," "IMAX," or other registered trademarks managed by the Company.  2.  Company Regulations  refer to the written regulations established by the Company, outlining the terms of employment and code of conduct related to the Employment Relationship within the Company, which must be updated every two (2) years from the date of enactment and approval by the relevant government authority.  3.  Employee  refers to an individual who has an Employment Relationship with the Company and receives a Salary based on an Employment Agreement.  4.  Work  refers to an activity carried out by an Employee utilizing their physical and intellectual capabilities for the benefit of the Company .  5.  Company Environment  refers to any and all locations under the management and supervision of the Company, including Business Unit locations.  6.  Stakeholders  refer to parties that have either a direct or indirect interest in the Company.  7.  Business Partners  refer to individuals, companies, or business entities, whether they have established or are yet to establish a business relationship with the Company.  8.  Competitors  refer to companies that produce or sell goods and/or services similar to those of the Company.  9.  Good Corporate Governance  (“ GCG ”) refers to the principles underlying the processes and mechanisms for corporate management based on laws and business ethics, including behaving ethically, creating a work environment that upholds honesty, transparency, fairness, and trustworthiness, and fostering a healthy and comfortable working atmosphere.  10.  Ethics  refers to a system of values or norms believed by all employees as a standard of behavior within the Company.  11.  Business Ethics  refers to a system of values or norms that guide the Company in conducting business activities, including interactions with stakeholders.  12.  Work Ethics  refers to a system of values or norms adopted by each employee in carrying out their duties, including ethical relationships between employees and the Company.  13.  Code of Ethics  refers to a set of commitments consisting of the Company's Business Ethics and Employee Work Ethics, formulated to shape, regulate, and align behavior to achieve consistent outcomes in line with the Company's culture in attaining its vision and mission.  14.  Conflict of Interest  refers to a situation where there is a discrepancy between the interests of the Company and the personal interests and/or affiliated parties of an employee.

2  15.  Corruption  refers to fraudulent or unlawful actions committed by an employee for and on behalf of the Company, which conflict with the Company's interests or involve the misuse of authority, position, or trust granted to them with the intent of enriching themselves, others, or corporations in a manner that may harm the Company.  16.  Collusion  refers to an unlawful agreement or cooperation between an employee and another party acting for and on behalf of the Company, which may result in harm to the Company.  17.  Nepotism  refers to any unlawful act by an employee that benefits the interests of the employee, their family, and/or other close associates based on relationships rather than merit, which may cause harm to the Company.  18.  Confidential Information  refers to any information and/or materials owned by the Company regarding its condition, transactions, and/or agreements that have been or will be made/executed. This includes details of operations, data, or information in written, graphical, password-protected, recorded, photographic, video, softcopy, form, data, or algorithm formats, whether readable by humans or machines. It also encompasses, but is not limited to, personal data, designs, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, logos, patents (whether publicly announced or not), trade secrets, and/or documents that are expected to remain confidential and should not be disclosed to anyone, anywhere, in any manner. This includes any information that has not been publicly disclosed or is presented in a way that indicates its confidentiality, as well as oral information specifically identified as Confidential Information. Additionally, Confidential Information includes all records, letters, data, analyses, compilations, studies, interpretations, or other materials prepared by the Board of Directors, Board of Commissioners, Company management or its representatives, employees, partners, consultants, suppliers, and/or contractors containing or derived from information provided, displayed, and/or made available to employees in their capacity as employees of the Company.

3  CHAPTER II  INTRODUCTION  1.  Background  PT Nusantara Sejahtera Raya Tbk recognizes the importance of implementing GCG as a key tool for enhancing business growth, increasing competitiveness, and ensuring sustainable long-term business expansion. This implementation aims to enhance shareholder value and strengthen stakeholder trust in the Company. Stakeholder trust, including that of Employees, Business Partners, Suppliers, Customers, the Community, and other relevant parties, is a crucial factor in the Company's development and sustainability.  The Company's reputation and image are closely tied to the behavior of each employee in their interactions with stakeholders. In addition to complying with applicable laws and regulations, every employee is required to have a high level of awareness in adhering to ethical conduct, such as honesty, fairness, and trustworthiness. This commitment fosters stakeholder confidence and ultimately strengthens the Company's reputation.  Based on these principles, the Company has developed this Code of Ethics to serve as a standard of conduct that must be adhered to by all employees. This Code of Ethics consists of a series of commitments encompassing business ethics and work ethics, formulated to shape behavior and establish a corporate work culture. The Code of Ethics should be dynamic, evolving in line with global, environmental, societal, and industry developments, and may be reviewed and revised as necessary.  2.  Basis for Formulating the Company’s Code of Ethics Policy  The formulation of the Company’s Code of Conduct is based on the following principles:  a)  Prioritizing compliance with laws, regulations, and corporate policies while considering the prevailing societal norms in the regions where the Company operates.  b)  Avoiding actions, behaviors, or practices that may lead to conflicts of interest, corruption, collusion, or nepotism, and always prioritizing the Company’s interests over personal, family, group, or factional interests.  c)  Recognizing that the Company must grow and evolve in response to market dynamics and stakeholder expectations.  d)  Prioritizing the safety and well-being of Employees and the Communities where the Company operates.  e)  Implementing principles of transparency, accountability, responsibility, independence, and fairness in managing the Company.  3.  Company Vision and Mission  Vision :  To be the best cinema chain in the world, and the pride of Indonesia.  Mission :  a)  Uncompromised Quality .  b)  Affordable Entertainment .  c)  Forever Better .

4  4.  Purpose, Objectives, and Benefits of the Company’s Code of Ethics  a)  Purpose of the Code of Ethics for the Company:  To help every employee understand, appreciate, and develop self-awareness in maintaining ethical behavior while performing all Company-related activities. This is based on GCG principles and aims to minimize the risk of misconduct as part of the Company’s risk management strategy, ultimately strengthening the Company’s reputation.  b)  Objectives of Implementing the Code of Ethics for the Company:  i.  To serve as a shared commitment to realizing the Company's vision and carrying out its mission in a professional and ethical manner.  ii.  To provide a behavioral guideline for all employees that must be followed in performing all activities in accordance with Company Regulations.  iii.  To encourage employees to conduct themselves with integrity while performing their duties.  iv.  To create a healthy and comfortable work environment within the Company.  v.  To serve as a reference for avoiding conflicts of interest in all Company activities.  vi.  To establish harmonious relationships with stakeholders.  c)  Benefits of Implementing the Code of Ethics:  i.  For the Company  Providing legal assurance and protection against potential legal claims from stakeholders while enhancing the Company's reputation.  ii.  For Shareholders  Increasing confidence that the Company is managed efficiently, transparently, accountably, and fairly.  iii.  For Employees  Providing clear guidelines on desired and prohibited behaviors within the Company while fostering an ethical, honest, and transparent work environment that enhances productivity.  iv.  For the Community and Other Related Parties  Creating a mutually beneficial and harmonious relationship with the Company.

5  CHAPTER III  PRINCIPLES OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE  The principles of GCG applied in the Code of Ethics are as follows:  1.  Transparency  Ensuring openness in the decision-making process based on relevant information. All Company information shall be treated in accordance with applicable regulations.  2.  Accountability  a)  Ensuring clarity in the functions, implementation, and responsibilities within the Company.  b)  Each employee or business unit is authorized and responsible for the tasks assigned to them.  3.  Responsibility  Every employee is responsible for carrying out work activities in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, actively cooperating, and striving to make a meaningful contribution.  4.  Independence  Preventing conflicts of interest and undue influence or pressure from any party that is inconsistent with applicable laws and regulations.  5.  Fairness  Ensuring fair and equal treatment for all stakeholders in every activity.  Always striving to ensure that all relevant parties understand their rights and obligations in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

6  CHAPTER IV  COMPANY’S BUSINESS ETHICS  1 .  Business Ethics  Business ethics in this Code of Ethics are values and norms that serve as guidelines for every employee to behave ethically in business, based on the principles of GCG, in conducting business activities so that they become part of the Company's culture.  a)  Conflict of Interest  i.  A Conflict of Interest is a situation where there is a conflict between the Company's interests and the personal interests of any employee, including the employee's affiliates.  ii.  In carrying out their duties and obligations, every employee must always prioritize the interests of the Company over personal, family, or other parties' interests.  iii.  Every employee is prohibited from abusing their position for personal gain, family benefit, or other parties' advantage.  iv.  Every employee must avoid activities that may cause a conflict of interest with the Company.  v.  In discussions and decision-making involving elements of conflict of interest, the employee with a conflict of interest is not allowed to participate.  vi.  Every employee must disclose and/or report to the Company any outside activities that have a conflict of interest.  b)  Giving and Receiving Gifts, Bribes, and Donations  Every employee, including Company affiliates, is prohibited from:  i.  Giving or offering anything, either directly or indirectly, to government officials and/or individuals representing business partners that could influence decision-making.  ii.  Receiving anything for personal interest, either directly or indirectly, from business partners that could influence decision-making.  iii.  Making or facilitating any unreasonable payments to external parties to smooth business operations.  iv.  Providing donations or giving any Company assets to political parties or one or more candidates for legislative or executive positions. Donations are only permitted in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  c)  Compliance with Laws and Regulations  i.  Every employee must comply with laws and Company Regulations.  ii.  Every employee must foster healthy, harmonious, and constructive relationships with lawmakers and other relevant government agencies at both the central and local levels, avoiding corrupt, collusive, and nepotistic practices.  iii.  Understanding and adhering to laws and regulations is a fundamental principle that must be applied in all employee activities.  d)  Confidentiality of Information  i.  Every employee must maintain the confidentiality of Company information in accordance with applicable laws, Company regulations, and business norms.  ii.  Every employee is prohibited from misusing information related to the Company, including but not

7  limited to information on acquisition plans, mergers, and share purchases.  iii.  Disclosure of Confidential Information by any employee is only permitted if:  1)  Prior written approval from the Company is obtained.  2)  The Confidential Information is already publicly available.  3)  Disclosure is required under applicable laws and regulations.  e)  Social and Environmental Responsibility  Creating awareness and fostering behavior among all employees that demonstrates care and responsibility towards society and the environment, ensuring harmonious, balanced relationships that align with local values, norms, and cultures.  f)  Anti-Fraud Measures  Fraud is defined as deliberate deception to obtain unlawful benefits.  i.  Definition of benefits  1)  Money or other tangible or intangible assets owned or controlled by the Company.  2)  Proceeds from corruption, gifts, services, or other benefits received from individuals or business entities as a quid pro quo for promises made on behalf of the Company.  3)  Proceeds from corruption, gifts, services, or other benefits obtained from individuals or business entities in exchange for privileged Company information.  4)  Financial gains and/or compensation based on false information.  ii.  Measures to Prevent Fraud  1)  Establishing and maintaining standards and procedures to prevent fraud.  2)  Taking firm and serious action against individuals or groups committing fraud against the Company, shareholders, or customers.  3)  Encouraging employees to remain vigilant and report suspected fraud, providing adequate communication channels, and ensuring that sensitive information is handled appropriately.  4)  Investigating  suspected  fraud  in  accordance  with  regulations  and  holding  perpetrators accountable.  5)  Assisting authorities in investigating and prosecuting fraud suspects.  2 .  Work Ethics  Work ethics in this Code of Ethics are the values and norms that serve as a reference for every employee to behave ethically based on the principles of GCG in carrying out all activities both inside and outside the Company environment.  a)  Employees  i.  Relations with Fellow Colleagues and Superiors  Each employee is required to establish and maintain sound interpersonal relationships, including but not limited to:  1)  Maintaining  polite  and  courteous  behavior  towards  fellow  colleagues  and  superiors. Discrimination or any form of harassment based on social status, race, gender, religion, age, citizenship, or physical condition is strictly prohibited.  2)  Respecting every employee by refraining from belittling or differentiating one from another.  3)  Developing abilities and skills in the interest of advancing the Company.

8  4)  Accepting all feedback and suggestions provided for personal improvement and enhanced performance.  5)  Creating transparency of information among colleagues and across the Company’s work units/business units to support effective cooperation and coordination for the Company’s progress.  6)  Being open, sympathetic, and helpful towards colleagues, mutually respectful, valuing others’ opinions, and discussing differences in opinions or ideas in a polite and professional manner, without resorting to physical violence, disturbances, or threats against colleagues and superiors.  7)  Working harmoniously based on mutual dedication and trust to achieve the Company’s vision and mission.  8)  Complying with the instructions of superiors related to position, responsibilities, work ethics, and Company Regulations.  9)  Working honestly, professionally, and responsibly.  10)  Refraining from negatively discussing superior policies with fellow subordinates in a manner that may invite slander or counterproductive outcomes affecting the Company’s performance.  11)  Adhering consistently and stringently to all applicable laws, company policies, Company Regulations, and Standart Operating Procedures (SOP) in force.  12)  Superiors must provide equal career development opportunities for all subordinates.  Further provisions regarding relationships with colleagues and superiors are regulated in the Company Regulations.  ii.  Maintaining Confidentiality of Company Information  Every employee, in executing all their activities, must adhere to the rules regarding the confidentiality of Company information, including but not limited to:  1)  Protecting the Company’s confidential information not only during the period of employment but also for a specified period thereafter in accordance with the applicable laws.  2)  Accessing information in accordance with the regulations governing the information that employees are authorized to access based on their authority and scope of work, whether general or specific.  3)  The dissemination of confidential information and any explanations regarding the disclosure or use of the Company’s confidential information whether communicated verbally or in writing to or by any party may only be carried out by an official designated by the Company based on a clear written order.  4)  Complying with and adhering to the Confidentiality Agreement that has been signed.  iii.  Safeguarding and Use of Company Assets  Every employee is obligated to safeguard, maintain, secure, and preserve the assets and facilities provided by the Company, whether in the form of equipment, vehicles, and/or other means and infrastructures that support the smooth operation of the Company. Employees are prohibited from using such assets and facilities for personal interests.  iv.  Work Complaints  A work complaint is an expression of dissatisfaction regarding working conditions, standard safety and security measures, and interpersonal relations that create an unpleasant work environment.

9  Employees must submit work complaints through the proper mechanism in accordance with applicable laws and Company Regulations.  v.  Discrimination and Sexual Harassment  Every employee has the right to work in an environment free from any form of discrimination, including sexual harassment. The Company does not tolerate any form of discrimination, including sexual harassment, perpetrated by any employee against non-employees, such as customers. Any violation of this provision will be subject to sanctions in accordance with the Company Regulations.  vi.  Public Speaking and Information Requests  Requests for information regarding the Company’s business activities to any employee, whether to speak publicly, participate in media interviews, or similar requests—whether oral or written—must be channeled through the appropriate work unit and/or an authorized representative designated by the Company.  Employees are prohibited from complying with such requests without prior approval from the Company.  b)  Workplace  i.  Safety, Security, and Occupational Health  Every employee is required to create a safe working environment, prevent accidents, and maintain occupational safety and health in all Company facilities and/or premises. Such behaviors include, but are not limited to:  1)  Complying with laws and/or standards regarding safety, security, and occupational health.  2)  Understanding and mastering the work environment by adhering to applicable regulations concerning safety, security, occupational health, and the environment.  3)  Implementing accident prevention and mitigation measures in accordance with the operating procedures for accident prevention and mitigation .

10  ii.  Drug-Free, Alcohol-Free, Gambling-Free, Non-Smoking, and Weapon-Free Workplace  Every employee is obliged to maintain a safe and healthy work environment, including:  1)  Refraining from any acts that may harm oneself or others, or disturb health—such as using and distributing illegal drugs, consuming alcoholic beverages, etc., in accordance with Company Regulations.  2)  Refraining from engaging in any form of gambling.  3)  Refraining from smoking in public areas or the workplace, except in designated areas provided by the Company.  4)  Prohibited from bringing sharp objects, firearms, or any form of weapon into the Company workplace .  c)  Ethics Towards External Parties  i.  Shareholders  The  Company  continually  enhances  its  value  and  sustains  long-term  business  growth. Consequently, every employee is required to respect and guarantee the rights of shareholders in accordance with the Company’s Articles of Association and applicable laws, including:  1)  Ensuring that material information is provided transparently, fairly, and in a timely manner to the shareholders in accordance with applicable laws.  2)  Not engaging in any activity for personal or third-party gain by using Company information that creates a conflict of interest.  3)  Using Company resources and work time effectively and efficiently.  ii.  Community and Surrounding Environment  Maintaining  relationships  that  contribute  positively  to  the  community  and  surrounding environment is an effective way to enhance value and sustain business growth. Hence, every employee is obligated to contribute, including by:  1)  Striving to build and foster harmonious and beneficial relationships with the community and surrounding environment.  2)  Preserving environmental sustainability, carrying out business activities in an environmentally safe manner, maintaining ecological balance, and empowering the community in the context of sustainable development.  3)  Conducting business activities in compliance with all applicable laws at the local, national, and international levels.  iii.  Government  Every employee must maintain a good relationship with both local and central governments related to the Company’s business activities, including by:  1)  Fostering healthy, harmonious, constructive, and ethical relationships based on honesty and mutual respect with relevant government agencies, in accordance with applicable laws.  2)  Avoiding practices of corruption, collusion, and nepotism in dealings with the government.  3)  Supporting national and regional programs organized by the government, especially in the fields of creative economy, education, social, and cultural sectors .  iv.  Business/Commercial Partners  The Company develops relationships with its business partners in a professional, equitable, and mutually beneficial manner to create value for its shareholders. Employees are prohibited from

11  exploiting relationships with business partners for personal interests. In fostering relationships with business partners, every employee must:  1)  Objectively and equitably evaluate business partners without discrimination.  2)  Disclose any familial relationship with a prospective business partner to the relevant business unit within the Company.  3)  Refrain from disclosing any information that could lead to unfair competition or favoritism towards any prospective business partner.  4)  Not disclose any confidential Company information to business partners.  5)  Accept meals and gifts from business partners only within specified limits and must report such acceptance to their superior or the relevant business unit in accordance with applicable regulations, ensuring that no conflict of interest arises with the Company.  v.  Competitors  The Company consistently supports a healthy competitive business environment, and every employee is required to:  1)  Maintain good ethics in compliance with applicable laws.  2)  Exhibit respectful behavior and maintain relationships with competitors.  3)  Protect the Company’s reputation and good name.  4)  Refrain  from entering  into agreements or understandings with  competitors that violate applicable laws, including but not limited to prohibitions against monopoly and unfair business practices.  vi.  Mass Media  Mass media are considered business partners in disseminating information regarding the Company. All information provided to the mass media must be done transparently and responsibly. Only designated officials or authorized business units may disseminate information about the Company, and such information must always adhere to applicable laws, including requirements regarding the confidentiality of information and documents.  d)  Protecting the Company’s Reputation  The reputation and good name of the Company are inherently linked to the behavior of every employee. Therefore, every employee must:  i.  Maintain and uphold ethical behavior both within the Company and in any external activities related to the Company.  ii.  Be mindful of and protect the Company’s positive image and reputation.  iii.  Be committed and consistent in applying the Company’s ethics, including this Code of Ethics, Company policies, and all applicable laws and regulations.  e)  Use of Social Media  Employees are prohibited from :  i.  Uploading content containing elements of SARA (ethnicity, religion, or race), pornography, and/or acts of violence.

12  ii.  Uploading content that incites, slanders, insults, or provokes based on the employee’s personal political views, including the dissemination of hate speech and false information (hoaxes).  iii.  Using the Company’s name and/or acting on behalf of the Company without prior written approval from the authorized official.  iv.  Using the Company’s brand for personal gain.  v.  Uploading content that is or contains confidential Company information, such as work plans, business developments, operational details, and legal issues of the Company.  vi.  Uploading or assisting in the dissemination of content that violates laws and/or decency.  vii.  Engaging in any activities that could harm, disadvantage, or tarnish the Company’s reputation.  f)  Accuracy of Record-Keeping  All assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and business transactions must be recorded completely and accurately in the books and archives, in accordance with applicable laws, accounting principles, and Company policies. This is done to provide relevant information to the concerned stakeholders.  g)  Anti-Corruption and Anti-Money Laundering  The Company consistently applies the principles of GCG in its business activities and complies with all applicable laws, including those prohibiting involvement in acts of corruption, collusion, nepotism, and money laundering, or facilitating any such activities. Any violation of these regulations may result in criminal or civil sanctions in accordance with applicable laws.  h)  Insider Information  Every employee is obligated to protect and maintain the confidentiality of the Company’s confidential information and, therefore, is prohibited from using and/or disclosing such confidential information for any purpose or interest other than for the Company’s business activities. All information within the Company that is not in the public domain is considered confidential and must be protected and maintained by every employee.  i)  Political Activities  The Company respects the right of every employee to express their political aspirations. However, the Company does not provide political contributions and is not affiliated with any political party. Therefore, any political activities conducted by employees must adhere to the following guidelines:  i.  Employees must not use the Company's name, assets, or resources for political purposes.  ii.  Employees must not establish understandings, agreements, or make statements in any form, either directly or indirectly, that imply the Company's association with any political party.  iii.  Employees must not engage in political activities during working hours or use the Company’s attributes for political purposes.  iv.  If an employee holds a specific position in a political party or participates in political activities, they must be willing to submit their resignation from the Company.

13  CHAPTER V  GUIDELINES FOR IMPLEMENTING THE CODE OF ETHICS  1.  Practical Principles  a)  This Code of Ethics applies to all employees without exception.  b)  Management is responsible for ensuring that this Code of Ethics is adhered to, communicated, understood, and implemented by all employees.  c)  Employees may ask questions regarding any aspects of this Code of Ethics if they feel uncertain or have not fully understood it by consulting their respective superiors.  2.  Socialization  The socialization of this Code of Ethics is a crucial step in its implementation. The Company is committed to conducting effective and comprehensive socialization while taking the following aspects into account:  a)  Building commitment among all business partners.  b)  Conducting periodic socialization of the Code of Ethics during new employee orientation programs and for all employees.  c)  Integrating the Code of Ethics with business practices and employee performance evaluations.  d)  Developing the Code of Ethics and its elaboration into various policies.  e)  All sanctions for violations of the Code of Ethics shall refer to the Company Regulations.  3.  Violation Reporting  a)  Every employee may report suspected violations of this Code of Ethics to their immediate superior, either directly or via an email designated by the Company.  b)  Employees who are aware of violations or attempted violations and fail to report them may be deemed to have committed a violation of equal severity as the perpetrator.  c)  Leaders/supervisors who attempt to conceal violations or refuse to impose sanctions on proven offenders may be considered to have committed a violation and shall be subject to sanctions in accordance with the applicable Company Regulations.  d)  Reports must include clear identification details and relevant supporting evidence. The recipient of the report and the Company must ensure the confidentiality of the whistleblower’s identity.  e)  The Company is obliged to accept and ensure that reports of violations of this Code of Ethics are processed fairly and in a timely manner .  f)  The Company is responsible for ensuring protection for any employee who reports violations of this Code of Ethics.  4.  Sanctions for Violations  a)  Violations of the Code of Ethics will be addressed firmly and consistently.  b)  Employees are required to promptly report any violation or suspected violation of the Code of Ethics within their respective units.  c)  The Human Capital Division, through the Human Capital Business Partner and the Industrial Relations Department, in collaboration with relevant business units, has the authority to determine whether a violation of the Code of Ethics has occurred.

14  d)  Any proven violation of the Code of Ethics shall be subject to disciplinary action in accordance with the Company Regulations.


</Entertainment_Indonesia_Nusantara Sejahtera Raya_2025.pdf>