Compliance

To enlarge the trust from its customers and the public, the Resona Group is strongly aware of the social responsibilities and public mission of financial institutions and defines compliance as the strict observance not only of laws and regulations but also social norms. Therefore, the Resona Group has positioned compliance as a key management issue and is working to implement effectively and enhance the compliance systems of the Group as a whole.

Basic Activities

The Resona Group's conceptual Structure expresses how we contribute society (Purpose), what we aim to be in society (Corpotrate Mission), what we aspire to be (Long-term Vision), and how we act (Resona Way / Resona Standards).

The introduction to the Resona Standards is "Aiming to Be a Good Company," a message from the top management. It takes a clear stance on compliance at the Resona Group, stating that corporate ethics must be improved, and identifies the most-important issues as 1) what the company can do for society as a member of society and 2) continuing to be a company that practices compliance.

Moreover, Resona Holdings and the Group companies have prepared a Basic Compliance Policy, which makes clear, from a compliance point of view, the roles of directors and employees as well as a basic framework for organizational systems based on the Corporate Mission and other statements. To put compliance into practice, we have also prepared a Compliance Manual that is distributed to all employees.

Group Management Systems

Group Compliance Management Systems

The Compliance Division at Resona Holdings controls Group compliance and works with compliance divisions at Group companies to strengthen compliance systems Group-wide. In addition, the Group has formed a Group Compliance Committee composed of Resona Holdings, Group banks, and affiliated companies as a member, which discusses and evaluates all issues related to Group compliance.

Systems for Protecting Group Customers

These days, amid such challenging environments as increasing investment needs from customers, the sophistication of information management required of businesses, and the development of such laws as the Act on the Protection of Personal Information and the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act, financial institutions must strive harder than ever before to provide customers with proper responses and improve user-friendliness, to ensure that customers can use their services with peace of mind. Therefore, Resona Holdings and Group banks are working energetically to make improvements to their explanations to customers, responses to customer inquiries and complaints, the management of customer information, the management of outsourcers to which they have consigned operations, the management of conflicting interests in banking transactions on the part of Group banks and their customers, and other areas related to providing better responses and user-friendliness for customers.

Specifically, we have clearly defined the departments and individuals responsible for improving responses to and user-friendliness for customers. The Group Compliance Committee, of which these responsible divisions and individuals are members, discusses and deliberates initiatives for raising customer trust and improving user-friendliness.

Compliance Programs

The member companies of the Resona Group have prepared compliance programs for putting guidelines into everyday action that follow policies indicated by Resona Holdings. Progress reports on compliance matters are made periodically to the boards of directors of Group member companies, and Group companies undertake activities on their own initiative to systematically strengthen compliance systems.

Compliance Advisory Resources

Resona Legal Counsel Hotline and Resona Compliance Hotline

The Resona Group maintains a whisteblowing system designed to ensure early detection of misconduct and to address root causes. This system comprises the Resona Legal Counsel Hotline and the Resona Compliance Hotline, both of which are available to all Group employees, ex-employees and their family members.

The Resona Legal Counsel Hotline is available for external individuals that are employed by or work for any Resona Group company on a commission basis or through other contracts with any Resona Group company.

Whistleblowing System

The Resona Group maintains a whistleblowing system designed to ensure early detection of misconduct and to address root causes. This system comprises the Resona Legal Counsel Hotline and the Resona Compliance Hotline, both of which are available to all Group employees, ex-employees and their family members.

These hotlines accept reports on a broad range of issues, including alleged illicit conduct, compliance and ethics violations, bribery and other corrupt behaviors comprehensively, in all Group companies.

Details regarding the two hotlines are as presented in tables below.

In accordance with laws, regulations and in-house rules, the Group prohibits the detrimental treatment of whistleblowers while taking thoroughgoing measures to ensure the content of each whistleblower report is kept confidential, and all reports can be made anonymously. In addition, these hotlines include an external helpdesk which operates on weekends and late-night hours on weekdays. Through these efforts, the Group ensures the hotlines are both available and safe for employees to report any issues of concern.

In order to build robust understanding of the system and its purpose by all employees, the Group provides training programs for employees, as well as displaying awareness-building posters at workplaces, and disseminating related contents and contact information on intranet. In fiscal 2024, we received 101 reports from employees of Group companies, conducted an investigation based on the intentions of the whistleblowers, and took corrective measures for cases where problems were found.

Along with our continuous efforts to ensure the importance of whistleblowing is understood by all employees, the Group will work to reinforce its abilities to swiftly detect compliance issues whilst developing a transparent corporate culture.

External Hotlines

In-House Hotlines

Resona Compliance Hotline
Operator	Compliance Division, Resona Holdings, Inc.
Contacts	Dedicated toll-free phone number, e-mail and postal mail
Eligible consultors	All Resona Group employees, ex-employees and their household members
Topics subject to reporting / consultation	Illicit conduct, compliance and ethics violations and other acts constituting or suggestive of wrongdoing in or associated with a Resona Group company (including bribery and other corrupt behaviors comprehensively)
Anonymous reporting/ Consultation	Acceptable
Resona Legal Counsel Hotline (for external business partners)

The Resona Legal Counsel Hotline is available for external individuals that are employed by or work for any Resona Group company on a commission basis or through other contracts with any Resona Group company. Details are as presented below.

1.Issues Subject to Reporting / Consulting
Possible legal violations related to any Resona Group company in connection with its business operations
2.Contact Information
This hotline is operated by an external law firm. Contact information is as featured in the table above titled "Resona Legal Counsel Hotline".
Resona Accounting Audit Hotline

Resona Holdings has established the Resona Accounting Audit Hotline for reporting fraudulent or improper processing related to accounting or accounting-related internal controls and internal audits.

Resona Accounting Audit Hotline

1.Reporting Items
Problems concerning internal controls and audits of accounts and financial reports
2.Conventional mail and e-mail
Midosuji Legal Profession Corporation
e-mail
resona-kaikeihotline@midosujilaw.gr.jp

Address

Tokyo Office

F20 Kasumigaseki Bldg., 3-2-5 Kasumigaseki, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo, Japan 100-6020

Osaka Office

F2 Osaka Toyota Bldgs., 4-3-11 Minamisemba, Chuo-ku, Osaka, Japan 542-0081

3.Note
When reporting information, please pay attention as follows :
Please include detailed information with respect to the matter.
Anonymous information is accepted.
Without detailed factual information, there are some cases where we have a limit for investigations.
No information on persons making such reports is disclosed to third parties except in cases where such disclosure is required under laws etc.
Please submit reports in Japanese or English.
When reported matters are within the scope of the reporting items, we will make reasonable efforts to report back the result of the investigation, but cannot promise to do so in all instances.
Management of Customer Information

The protection of customer information is one of the most-important factors in enabling customers to use the Resona Group with peace of mind. We strive to properly manage information in compliance with the Act on the Protection of Personal Information by publicizing the Promise to Protect Personal Information of All Group Companies, establishing a framework for protecting against leaks or the loss of personal information, and conducting ongoing and thorough employee education.

Elimination of Anti-Social Forces

The Resona Group believes that preventing and eradicating transactions with anti-social forces are critically important to its public mission and social responsibility as a financial institution. Our basic approach is not to engage in transactions with anti-social forces and to prevent them from intervening in transactions with customers through the corporate activities of Resona Holdings and other Group companies.

The Resona Group has established the following principles to follow as regards anti-social forces: "Respond as an organization," "Collaborate with external specialist organizations," "Eliminate all relationships whatsoever with such forces, including transactions," "In emergency situations respond under civil and criminal codes," and "Forbid all provision of favors, behind the scenes transactions, and provision of financing." The Resona Group has designated its compliance divisions of each Group company as the departments responsible for countering anti-social forces and has set specific internal rules and regulations, as well as providing ongoing training and education on these compliance issues for directors and employees. To prevent and nullify transactions with anti-social forces, we have formed cooperative relationships with law-enforcement agencies, law firms, and other professional organizations.

Moreover, Resona Group banks have taken more stringent steps to suspend transactions with anti-social forces by introducing a rule to ensure that we receive pledges with clauses (known as the "exclusion of anti-social forces clause") from our customers at the beginning of transactions stating that they currently do not and will not have connections with anti-social forces.

The pledges with such clauses provide a legal basis for the dissolution of the transactions in the event the customer breaks the pledge and is found to be connected with anti-social forces.

Anti-Money Laundering / Counter Financing of Terrorism

With reference to AML / CFT, international regulations have been tightening particularly in recent years where the Resona Group also is working to ensure thorough prevention.

As part of its commitment, we disclose AML / CFT Policy for better understanding of our policies and systems.

Anti-Money Laundering and Counter Financing of Terrorism Policy

Resona Bank	Saitama Resona Bank
PDF : 68KB	PDF : 70KB
Kansai Mirai Bank	Minato Bank
PDF : 59KB	PDF : 59KB
Initiatives to Prevent Corruption

The Resona Group has established its Corporate Mission, which forms the basis for the judgments of directors and employees; the Resona Way (Resona Group Corporate Promises), which outlines the basic stance, based on the Corporate Mission, that directors and employees should take toward all Group stakeholders; and the Resona Standards (Resona Group's Behavior Guidelines), specific guidelines about the behavior expected from directors and employees under the Corporate Mission and the Resona Way.

We have positioned compliance as one of our top priority management issues in our Basic Compliance Policy, defining compliance as the strict observance not only of laws and regulations, but also of social norms.

In addition, the Group supports the principle of anti-corruption enshrined in the UN Global Compact as a signatory company.

In line with these policies, we have established "The Resona Group Anti-Bribery & Corruption Policy" (hereinafter "this policy") with the purpose of clarifying our approach to prevent corruption and set guidelines for actions shared by all Group members as part of our corporate social responsibilities.

The Resona Standards Handbook is distributed to all directors and employees of the Resona Group, providing them with action guidelines. This Handbook stipulates the prohibition of acts regarding bribery and corruption, such as "Do not misuse your position or authority for personal gain or advantage (III-2)," "Refrain from offering gifts or entertainment that could possibly induce public distrust or draw suspicion (VII-2)" and "Maintain transparent and clean relationships with politicians and government officials (VII-3)" in addition to featuring specific examples of desirable ways of thinking and situations that require caution. As such, the Group is striving to ensure that its prohibition against any form of corrupt act, including the provision or receipt of bribes, is upheld by all.

In all workplaces, the Resona Standards is read aloud by employees during morning meetings and other regular occasions to ensure that all employees are aware of and follow the standards. The Group also provides periodic training and e-learning programs which covers anti-corruption comprehensively to all employees (including part-time) and contractors as well as specific training sessions for targeted groups (e.g. specific positions, years of service), which raise their compliance awareness and literacy.

The Resona Group tracks and manages progress of the initiatives covering anti-corruption comprehensively as part of the Compliance Program, which sets forth the Group's plan for maintaining rigorous compliance. The status of the Compliance Program and the implementation of the Policy on the Prevention of Corruption is periodically reported to the Board of Directors either annually or more frequently in order to maintain effective oversight and management structure on these issues.

In FY2024, there were zero cases of disciplinary action due to what were found to be serious violations of this policy and other related regulations.
There were no fines, penalties, or settlements for violations of this policy or other related regulations.

Anti-Bribery & Corruption Policy

1.Basic Concepts
As a commitment to fulfill our corporate social responsibility, the Resona Group Anti-Bribery & Corruption Policy aims to clearly set forth the Resona Group's basic stance that the Resona Group shall not pursue revenues or profits from improper activities. Also, the Officers and Employees shall be prohibited from engaging in any form of corrupt practice including bribery, and ensure compliance with this policy by the Group companies.
2.Scope of Application
This policy applies to all directors, officers, and employees of the Group companies of the Resona Group as stipulated in the applicable rules of employment, and all other individuals working with the Group companies (collectively "Officers and Employees").
All stakeholders involved in the Resona Group's activities, including customers and suppliers (e.g., vendors, contractors) are also expected to understand and cooperate with this policy.
3.Compliance with Laws, Regulations, Rules and Social Norms
The Officers and Employees of the Resona Group shall comply with all applicable laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which each Resona Group operates, as well as in-house rules and regulations established by each Group company, and applicable social norms.
4.Prohibited Behavior
The Resona Group prohibits the offering to and/or acceptance from others, including public officials, directly or indirectly, anything of value that constitutes corrupt practice, including bribery, in any jurisdiction.
5.Expense Management
Accurate and complete accounting books and records that reflects payments made to third parties and any other expenses shall be properly maintained and managed by the Resona Group.
6.Training
Appropriate training shall be provided to all Officers and Employees to ensure compliance with this policy and related corporate rules and regulations at the Resona Group.
7.Management Systems
Appropriate management systems to ensure compliance with this policy and related corporate rules and regulations shall be implemented at the Resona Group. The compliance status and other related issues shall be periodically reported to the management.
8.Reporting, Investigation and Response to Violations
The Resona Group shall make the Officers and Employees aware that they are required to report promptly to their supervisors or the relevant Compliance Division, or they can report through a whistle-blowing system (e.g., hotlines) established in each Group company, any suspected violation of laws, regulations or this policy. The Resona Group shall also make the Officers and Employees aware that the Group will not allow any detrimental or unfavorable treatment on any individuals who report suspected violations in good faith as a result of reporting their concerns.
The Resona Group shall promptly investigate alleged violations of laws, regulations and this policy, and take disciplinary action against any Officers and Employees disciplinary action against those Officers and Employees who have violated in such violation.