This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Finance_Japan_Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group_2024.pdf>

SMBC AMERICAS DIVISION Code of Conduct  2024  We are committed to upholding the highest standards of business conduct—doing the right things in the right way, ethically and with integrity—to best serve our clients, our society and each other for the good of our organization.

OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR RESPONSIBILITY  OUR CONDUCT  OUR WORKPLACE  OUR COMMUNITIES  2  Our Purpose & Values  ................................ 4 Our Responsibility  ..................................... 8 Our Conduct  .......................................... 14 Our Workplace  ....................................... 24  Our Communities .................................... 27 Contents  We believe this Code of Conduct, our Five Values, and guiding principles represent who we are and will light our path to success.

OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR RESPONSIBILITY  OUR CONDUCT  OUR WORKPLACE  OUR COMMUNITIES  3  Dear Colleagues, Over the course of SMBC Group’s long history, we have  continuously evolved our business to best serve clients  and society—being mindful to always do the right thing  and working proactively to impact society in a positive  way. Our commitment to integrity has fostered trust from  stakeholders, building enduring relationships and enabling  the sustainable growth and success of our business. This unwavering trust is the Group’s greatest asset and remains a fundamental management principle. It is up to each of us  to safeguard this trust and maintain the Group’s reputation  as a trusted and valued partner. Each one of us is expected to maintain the highest levels  of integrity and ethics in our daily activities, whether on  the job or at home. Doing the right thing should always be our north star when making decisions to navigate today’s increasingly complex world. Along with SMBC Group’s  Five Values, we also find guidance in our  Code of Conduct,  which sets forth the standards for professional and personal conduct. I am sure that many of you are familiar with it, but I  encourage you to take the time to read over this year’s edition. Updates this year include a new principle concerning Market Conduct in the Business Ethics section and a new section on Respect for Human Rights. Bear in mind that SMBC’s reputation and success depend  on all of us—colleagues who are bank employees as well as Covered Non-SMBC Individuals. One bad incident can jeopardize the trust and respect that we have earned over  centuries. If you have any questions on the guidelines or  if you suspect or know of unethical or improper conduct, I ask you to speak up—it is the responsibility of all of us to uphold SMBC’s zero tolerance for unethical behavior.  And each of us should feel confident in reporting concerns without fear of retaliation or retribution.  Strive to do the right thing—even when no one is looking. Your sustained commitment and pursuit of integrity will  help fortify SMBC and position us for success as we continue to grow as a trusted global solution provider.  Thank you in advance for your steadfast commitment.  Hiro Otsuka  Chief Executive Officer, SMBC Group in the Americas  SMBC’s Reputation and Success Depend on Individual Actions  Our individual actions influence our reputation as a whole and can set us on the path to growth and prosperity. This Code of Conduct will guide our way. Through our actions as individuals, we represent SMBC and, as such, we are the keepers of our culture and the guardians of our reputation.

Our Purpose & Values  Purpose Scope Cultural Values Guiding Principles

OUR PURPOSE & VALUES 5  OUR RESPONSIBILITY  OUR CONDUCT  OUR WORKPLACE  OUR COMMUNITIES Our Purpose & Values  Purpose  Each of us at Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation  Group plays an integral role in earning and maintaining  our status as a trusted global solutions provider that is committed to the betterment of our colleagues, clients, and communities. We are committed to the values and guiding  principles captured in this Code of Conduct and expect everyone in the Americas Division of SMBC (“SMBC” also referred to with “us” or “our”) who works for, or on behalf of SMBC, including Covered Non-SMBC Individuals  1 (“you”), to embrace them. This Code of Conduct, together  Our Code of Conduct, together with other policies published by SMBC Group in the Americas, sets forth the standards for professional and personal conduct that you must follow.  with other policies that SMBC and its entities publish, sets  forth the standards for professional and personal conduct that you must follow.  Scope  This Code of Conduct covers all departments, businesses,  legal entities, branches, and representative offices within  SMBC. They must adhere to this Code of Conduct or  adopt its standards. In relation to their particular scope of operations or regulatory jurisdiction, group companies may also introduce additional standards that augment this Code of Conduct, including but not limited to any deviations  from the Code as required by local law.  For the avoidance of doubt, where there is a conflict  between the Code and applicable law, applicable law will apply. Similarly, when in doubt, check and follow the  Policies and Procedures that apply to your entity, location and responsibilities. Where this Code refers to “regulatory authorities,” it covers collectively federal, state, and other regulatory and supervisory authorities, governmental bodies and agencies, and self-regulatory authorities.  1 Covered Non-SMBC Individuals are subject to this Code of Conduct; detailed guidelines for applicability are described in the Our  Responsibility section.

OUR PURPOSE & VALUES 6  OUR RESPONSIBILITY  OUR CONDUCT  OUR WORKPLACE  OUR COMMUNITIES  Integrity  Adhering to professional ethical standards is essential to our business. Acting with integrity means understanding, accepting, and choosing to act in accordance with our company’s standards, industry regulations, and the  principles of honesty and fairness. It also enables us to earn the trust of our clients and peers, enhance our  reputation in the marketplace, and foster goodwill with  our stakeholders and our society.  Customer First  Our clients are at the center of everything we do. Our commitments to them are steadfast and wholehearted. The  rare depth of our client relationships leads to unique and valuable insights, allowing us to provide tailored solutions.  Proactive & Innovative  We embrace new ideas and perspectives as well as  challenge established ways of doing things for the growth  of our clients and the good of our organization.  Speed & Quality  Our goal will always be to move at the speed required to  make our clients successful. Together, we work efficiently and swiftly on everything we do and deliver. We focus on accuracy and diligence across our operations—especially  compliance and proper risk management.  Team “SMBC Group”  We are one team that respects and leverages the  knowledge and diverse talent of our organization. We  strive to collaborate with our colleagues in the Americas  and around the globe to build unique solutions based on  deep understanding of our clients’ needs and the breadth  of our expertise.  Customer First Team “SMBC Group” Proactive & Innovative Speed & Quality Cultural Values  Our Five Values are the driving force behind our behavior and how we operate, both internally and externally. Our values are the criteria by which we measure our  success, and how we define our culture of collaboration, commitment and harmony across the organization.  We demonstrate these values through purposeful  governance, sound policy, and effective controls, all of  which enable responsible decision-making and a diverse and inclusive environment in which colleagues thrive and are proud to work.  Integrity Our Five Values are the driving force behind our behavior and how we operate, both internally and externally.

OUR PURPOSE & VALUES 7  OUR RESPONSIBILITY  OUR CONDUCT  OUR WORKPLACE  OUR COMMUNITIES  Guiding Principles  At SMBC, we have a shared responsibility to conduct  ourselves in a responsible manner and are committed to  doing everything we can to best serve our clients, our society, and our company. Each day at SMBC presents us with the opportunity to bring to life our Five Values by  acting with the following guiding principles in mind: 1.  We are committed to evolving our business to best  serve our  clients  and help them to achieve their business goals in today’s changing world. 2.  We recognize that our  employees  are our most  important asset and the bridge to our continued growth and success. We value their determination, creativity, diversity, integrity, expertise, and ability to  work together. 3.  We create consistent and long-term value for our  shareholders  by acting in accordance with our organization’s standards and industry regulations, and  keeping our clients at the center of all that we do. 4.  We govern  ourselves —our work and business  operations—with the highest ethical and legal standards, interacting with clients, colleagues, regulatory authorities, partners and others with  honesty and integrity, and in compliance with laws  and regulations of the jurisdictions where we  conduct business. 5.  We are focused on doing our part to contribute to a more sustainable  society  by addressing environmental  and social issues in our day-to-day activities. Our sustainability initiatives seek to build a better world through social value creation, transition and promoting sustainable finance, helping conserve natural resources  and biodiversity, advancing diversity, equity & inclusion  objectives, respecting human rights, and expanding our corporate citizenship, employee engagement and philanthropic activities. This Code of Conduct includes information and resources  that support our Five Values and our guiding principles. In some cases, we will reference applicable policies that you  are required to abide by. In the absence of a specific policy  or Code of Conduct provision, SMBC nonetheless requires you to exercise good judgment, be accountable, comply with the spirit of this Code of Conduct and related policies,  and seek assistance when you have any questions.  Each day at SMBC presents us with the opportunity to bring to life our Five Values by acting with the guiding principles in mind.

Our Responsibility  Code of Conduct Certification Code of Conduct Enforcement Questions Speaking Up Employee Protection From Retaliation Manager Responsibility Duty to Cooperate Business Ethics Respect for Human Rights Code of Conduct Applicability to Covered Non-SMBC Individuals

OUR RESPONSIBILITY 9  OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR CONDUCT  OUR WORKPLACE  OUR COMMUNITIES  Code of Conduct Certification  This Code of Conduct and other relevant policies, as  amended from time to time, are posted on SMBC’s intranet (“The HUB”) or the intranet of your group company. Amendments are effective immediately upon posting. At least annually, you will be required to certify that you have  read and understand this Code of Conduct and that you  agree to adhere to it, in addition to any standards that are applicable to the jurisdiction where you work. This Code  of Conduct is not a contract of employment and does not  create any rights to employment or continued employment  or alter any employees’ at-will status, unless otherwise provided by applicable law.  Code of Conduct Enforcement  SMBC will take all necessary actions to enforce this Code of Conduct, as determined in its sole discretion. Employees  who violate this Code of Conduct or related policies may  be subject to disciplinary or other appropriate action, up to and including termination of employment.  Questions  If, at any time, you have a question regarding any aspect  of this Code of Conduct or policies referenced, or if you  think there may have been a violation of any provision or  policy, immediately contact a member of your Compliance  Department, Legal Department, Human Resources  Department, a direct or indirect supervisor or a member of senior management.  Speaking Up  Integrity Reporting – Reporting and Escalating Potential Violations of the Code of Conduct and Other Unethical  or Improper Conduct  SMBC’s reputation and success depend on all employees  and Covered Non-SMBC Individuals doing the right thing and speaking up when they believe they see something that might be wrong. All SMBC employees are required,  unless contrary to local law, to promptly report information they reasonably believe violates any law, rule or regulation, executive order, or any judicial or administrative decision, ruling, or order; or that constitutes fraud, unethical  conduct, mismanagement, abuse of power, unsafe or  dangerous activity, a substantial and specific danger to  the public health or safety, or other wrongful conduct,  including, but not limited to, any conduct that may affect the safety, soundness, or reputation of SMBC. These are  referred to as “Covered Concerns.” Covered Concerns  include, without limitation, corruption, malfeasance, bribery, money laundering, theft of a branch’s property,  fraud, breach of SMBC internal policy, or deliberate error  in the preparation, evaluation, review or management of any financial statement of SMBC, deficiencies in or noncompliance with SMBC’s internal accounting  controls, gross misconduct, gross incompetence, or gross  SMBC’s reputation and success depend on all employees and Covered Non-SMBC Individuals doing the right thing and speaking up when they believe they see something that might be wrong.  Our Responsibility

OUR RESPONSIBILITY 10  OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR CONDUCT  OUR WORKPLACE  OUR COMMUNITIES  hotline and the online reporting portal are referred to  as the “AD Speak Up Hotline.”) Please consult the  Speaking Up page on The HUB  or the  AD Speak Up Hotline  for information on the availability of the AD Speak Up Hotline in other countries. In addition to confidential reporting, the AD Speak Up Hotline permits anonymous reporting, where desired and where it is permitted by  local law.  Covered Concerns can also be raised to SMBC Head  Office in Tokyo. Specifically, they can be raised to the  SMBC General Affairs Department in Tokyo by emailing  Alarm-BC-GAD@yd.smbc.co.jp or calling  81-3-3282-6917 ,  and concerns involving improper actions or irregularities relating to accounting, accounting internal controls,  and auditing, can be raised through the SMFG  Accounting and Auditing Hotline in Tokyo via email to  smfghotline@iwatagodo.com, or via mail to the SMFG  Accounting and Auditing Hotline, Iwata Godo Attorneys  and Counselors at Law, 10th Floor, Marunouchi Building 2-4-1, Marunouchi, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-6310. There are special circumstances that require you to escalate a Covered Concern directly to the Compliance  Department, an attorney within the Legal Department, or to the AD Speak Up Hotline. You have an affirmative obligation, unless contrary to local law, to escalate a report to one or more of these functions when: inefficiency. Covered Non-SMBC Individuals and other  current or former stakeholders of SMBC, including but not limited to, former employees, third-party providers,  customers, counterparties, and shareholders, may also  raise Covered Concerns.  Covered Concerns also include directing any individual, encouraging or instructing them to engage in activity constituting a Covered Concern or assisting the person(s) in making such a directive.  Unless contrary to local law, you have a duty as an employee to report a concern, and you can be held responsible and  face discipline, up to and including termination, for not reporting known or suspected concerns. If a concern does  not qualify as a Covered Concern, it may be raised directly  to a manager, Human Resources, Compliance, Legal, or any  other relevant department.  Covered Concerns must be raised to any of the following: the Compliance Department, an attorney within the Legal Department, the Human Resources Department, any  supervisor or a member of senior management. You may  alternatively raise a Covered Concern through the SMBC AD Speak Up Hotline or by phone at  844-201-9810  in the  U.S. and Canada or by visiting the SMBC AD EthicsPoint  online portal at  https:/ /secure.ethicspoint.com/domain/ media/en/gui/42084/index.html . (Both the telephone 1.  Your manager or member of senior management is involved in the subject Covered Concern or has a  potential conflict of interest regarding it; or  2.  You reasonably believe that the Covered Concern that you previously raised has not been, or may not have been, escalated or otherwise handled appropriately by the supervisor or member of senior management to  whom you initially raised it. Reports of Covered Concerns and the identities of those who make them will be treated confidentially, to the extent possible in conducting an appropriate review or investigation. You may also raise Covered Concerns anonymously, where desired and where it is permitted  by local law. 2 2 In Colombia, any report that may be considered as a potential conduct of workplace harassment must be reported directly by the alleged victim to the Labor Coexistence Committee (Comité de Convivencia Laboral).  These reports should not be anonymous and must abide by local  regulation on workplace harassment.  In Peru, any report that may be considered as a potential conduct of sexual harassment (either filed by the alleged victim or a third party)  cannot be anonymous and must be treated and processed according to  local regulation on sexual harassment.

OUR RESPONSIBILITY 11  OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR CONDUCT  OUR WORKPLACE  OUR COMMUNITIES  Employee Protection From Retaliation  SMBC prohibits any acts of retaliation against employees who raise concerns in good faith, and acts of retaliation  will be addressed as SMBC deems necessary and appropriate as consistent with local law. Prohibited  retaliation is broadly construed and will include any adverse employment action for having raised a concern in good faith. All concerns regarding actual or potential retaliation (or whether any action might constitute adverse employment action) should be directed promptly to Human Resources, but if reported to the Speak Up Hotline, they will be referred to Human Resources.  Certain categories of Covered Non-SMBC Individuals  are also protected from retaliation in some jurisdictions.  Please consult the Speaking Up: Integrity Reporting Policy for more information. Additional anti-retaliation protections may be available to employees in certain jurisdictions.  Manager Responsibility  If you are a manager, your employees look to you to lead by example and with integrity. Managers must know the  Code of Conduct and help employees answer questions  about the Code of Conduct or direct them to someone  who can. If a concern is brought to your attention by one of your employees, you have an affirmative obligation,  unless contrary to local law, to promptly escalate it to the  Compliance Department Americas Division Ethics Office or an attorney in the Legal Department.  Duty to Cooperate  Employees must, unless contrary to local law, cooperate in  investigations conducted by SMBC or its agents, including  but not limited to, making themselves available for interviews or providing documents upon request, and by being truthful  in all interactions related to an investigation. Employees who  fail to cooperate, or knowingly or maliciously provide false  information in investigations may be subject to discipline, up to and including termination of employment. SMBC does not permit retaliation against employees who cooperate in an investigation. All concerns regarding potential retaliation should be directed promptly to Human Resources, but if reported to the Speak Up Hotline, they will be referred to Human Resources.  Business Ethics  SMBC established four principles of business ethics, which require all individuals working for SMBC to maintain high  ethical standards in all actions and decisions. At SMBC, we  are expected to remain aware of how our business ethics contribute to SMBC’s culture and how our conduct has the  potential to affect our reputation.

OUR RESPONSIBILITY 12  OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR CONDUCT  OUR WORKPLACE  OUR COMMUNITIES  1. Compliance With Laws, Regulations, and Policies  The financial services industry is highly regulated and SMBC is subject to numerous laws and regulations in various jurisdictions. Being knowledgeable about and complying with the laws, rules, and regulations that apply to your business and your role is first and foremost, and we are also expected to seek guidance when questions arise.  Similarly, even if not expressly referenced in this Code of Conduct, SMBC requires you to be knowledgeable about and comply with all internal policies and procedures that  relate to your role. If you have any questions about any law, regulation, or internal policy, you should contact the  Compliance Department or Legal Department.  Additionally, when responding to regulatory authorities’ inquiries, findings of examinations, and audits, in consultation with the appropriate internal stakeholders in Compliance, Legal and/or the Regulatory Relations & Public Policy team in the Office of the CEO, your response should be thorough and timely. For example, information  or documents provided to regulators or auditors should not be altered (e.g., edited or amended).  2. Treating Clients Fairly  SMBC values long-term relationships with our clients and we recognize that such relationships are dependent upon us treating clients fairly and providing products and services that are aligned with client needs, financial position, and business objectives. We believe that we have  a responsibility to conduct business to the highest ethical  standards and believe that mutually beneficial relationships  with our customers are the key to our shared success. As such, we should seek to quickly and appropriately respond to client complaints.  3. Market Conduct  SMBC supports the integrity of the financial system and combats market abuse risks across its locations. Market abuse is the deliberate attempt to interfere with the operation of financial markets by misusing information to  gain an unfair advantage or to otherwise manipulate prices or market dynamics. SMBC has established a centralized Market Surveillance program designed to detect and  mitigate market abuse. You may not engage or attempt to engage in any activity that would constitute market abuse  or recommend or induce another person to do so.  4. Maintenance of Sound Management  The Code of Conduct helps guide you in your ethical decision-making and you must exercise fair, transparent  and sound judgment in all decisions and activities taken on behalf of SMBC. While every situation won’t be addressed  through the Code of Conduct, it is incumbent upon you to exercise sound judgment and seek advice from your manager or Compliance Department. SMBC expects you to support sustained business growth through maintaining  sound relations with clients and stakeholders and taking actions which lend themselves to efficient and long-term business operations. Additionally, you must exercise sound financial and risk management, abide by corporate  governance standards, and ensure appropriate, unaltered,  complete, and timely information disclosure to customers  and stakeholders.

OUR RESPONSIBILITY 13  OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR CONDUCT  OUR WORKPLACE  OUR COMMUNITIES  5. Contribution to a Better Society  SMBC seeks to contribute to positive global transformation  through support of clients and projects that further social  value creation and a better society, and reflect ethical and sound management practices.  SMBC Group’s sustainability mission states “We contribute to a sustainable society by addressing environmental and social issues.” The SMBC Group Statement on Sustainability and the SMBC Group E&S Framework, available from the SMBC Group website, and the SMBC Group AD Sustainability & ESG Framework which represents the  regional implementation those documents, set out how we  will realize this.  SMBC expects you to uphold its values by contributing to efforts to transition to a sustainable and resilient world. Prior to undertaking business activities, you must consider whether activities are within SMBC’s public mission, align  with our environmental, social and governance principles, policies and procedures, and contribute to the achievement of our sustainability goals and targets.  Respect for Human Rights  SMBC Group has a firm commitment to respect and uphold human rights in its global operations and has set out our approach in the SMBC Group Statement on Human Rights,  available from the SMBC Group website. SMBC expects  you to respect human rights in all your business activities.  Code of Conduct Applicability to Covered  Non-SMBC Individuals  “Covered Non-SMBC Individuals” include employees of suppliers and other individuals, whose involvement with SMBC requires that they uphold the same standards of conduct that are expected from SMBC employees. Covered Non-SMBC Individuals must acknowledge the Code of Conduct. The Code of Conduct Procedures or,  when applicable, the Procedures implemented for specific entities or locations, provide further guidance to determine  which individuals are Covered Non-SMBC Individuals.  This Code of Conduct does not constitute an employment contract and is not intended to convey any rights, actions,  or remedies to anyone, nor create an employment  relationship between suppliers or their employees and firms  related to SMBC.

Our Conduct  Safeguarding Information and Maintaining Accurate Records Managing Risk Conflicts of Interest Accepting or Giving of Gifts,  Favors, or Entertainment Engaging in Outside Business Activities/Affiliations Political Activities Personal Relationships Among Employees Personal Relationships With  Third Parties  Insider Trading and Personal Investment Activities Personal Finances Anti-Money Laundering Anti-Bribery and Corruption Sanctions Antitrust and Anti-Tying Communicating Responsibly Mandatory Training and Obtaining and Maintaining Licenses and Certifications Approval Authority

OUR CONDUCT 15  OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR RESPONSIBILITY  OUR WORKPLACE  OUR COMMUNITIES Our Conduct  Safeguarding Information and Maintaining Accurate Records Confidential Information and Material Non-Public Information (“MNPI”)  The nature of our business and the relationships between  SMBC and our clients frequently require the handling  of confidential, proprietary, and non-public information  generated internally or acquired from other sources, which  collectively are referred to as “Confidential Information” for  the purpose of this document. SMBC, therefore, depends on all employees to exercise the care necessary to protect  such information at all times. This is particularly important  when you are working remotely in close proximity to others (e.g., roommates, family members, etc.).  “Confidential Information” is information that you create,  acquire, learn, or have access to through SMBC, or its  subsidiaries, affiliates, agents, vendors, or clients, that  has not been made publicly available and, if disclosed or  misused, could result in legal, regulatory, or reputational harm. This includes personal information about employees  and MNPI.  MNPI is a subset of Confidential Information, and is information that relates to a company, is not publicly known, and is material to the securities or other traded financial instruments or loans of such company or any  SMBC depends on all to exercise the care necessary to protect confidential, proprietary and  non-public information at all times.  derivative instruments referencing any such security,  instrument, or loan.  Information is material if there is a likelihood that a reasonable investor would consider the information  important in making an investment decision (i.e., in deciding  whether to purchase, hold or sell a company’s securities). Generally, material information includes any information that would have a substantial effect on the price of a company’s securities if it were to be disclosed (i.e., the information, if public, would be viewed by a reasonable investor as significantly altering the total mix of information made available to holders of the company’s securities and, when pieced together with all other public information  about the issuer, would cause the investor to re-evaluate the security).  Confidential Information must only be shared on a “need- to-know” basis. Disclosure of Confidential Information or MNPI to persons outside the organization or to non- authorized employees or use of such information for your own benefit or a third party’s benefit, or to the detriment  of SMBC, is prohibited and, in certain circumstances,  carries civil or criminal penalties. Your responsibility to protect information also applies to work you may  have done for a prior employer. You must not disclose  confidential, proprietary, or non-public information  regarding a former employer.

OUR CONDUCT 16  OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR RESPONSIBILITY  OUR WORKPLACE  OUR COMMUNITIES  Nothing in this Code of Conduct should be interpreted to:  Â  Restrict or otherwise interfere with your obligation  to testify truthfully in any legal forum;  Â  Restrict or otherwise interfere with your right  and/or obligation to contact, cooperate with, or  provide information to any government agency or  commission; or  Â  Restrict you from discussing the terms and conditions  of your employment or otherwise engaging in  protected concerted activity to the extent permitted  under applicable law. You do not need the prior  authorization of SMBC to make any such reports or disclosures and you are not required to notify SMBC  that you have made such reports or disclosures. Speak to your supervisor and the Compliance Department for any required approvals, or if you are uncertain about  whether to disclose Confidential Information to a particular  person. Please contact the Control Room to obtain assistance regarding MNPI.  Protecting SMBC’s Clients and Businesses  You must not discuss any client information (regardless of whether it is Confidential Information) with persons not  employed by SMBC or with employees who do not have a  business need to know such information, unless provided with management authorization to do so. When SMBC is acting as an advisor or lender or as a participant in transactions that are not yet publicly announced, it will often be appropriate to take special precautions, including, without limitation, the use of code names to obscure the identities of parties involved in the deal and the use of special, secured work and file areas.  Your Legal Department can assist you in establishing such  procedures to help protect client information.  Sharing Client Information  The Firewall Regulation of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act (“Japanese Firewall Regulation”) prohibits a Japanese bank and a Japanese securities brokerage business from sharing Confidential Information of a client directly or indirectly without the prior written consent from the client. This regulation applies to a client regardless of the jurisdiction in which it is located, and regardless of whether the information pertains to a client, the client’s counterparty in the transaction, or any other third party. For more information on the Japanese Firewall Regulation,  please contact your Compliance Department.  In addition, clients sometimes require that a non-disclosure agreement be in place prior to sharing Confidential Information with SMBC. You must check with the relevant business owner or relationship manager to ensure that there are no contractual prohibitions prior to sharing any client information.  Clean Desk  You must take appropriate precautions to protect Confidential Information. When not at your desk, such  material should be properly secured in accordance with the clean desk policy applicable to your group company  or the location where you work. Be conscious of the fact that you are handling Confidential Information and do not leave such information at or on copying machines,  scanners, fax machines, computer equipment, mobile phones, smartphones, tablets, and similar electronic  devices where others can get access to such information. Materials containing Confidential Information should  be appropriately secured at your desk or disposed of, in

OUR CONDUCT 17  OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR RESPONSIBILITY  OUR WORKPLACE  OUR COMMUNITIES  adherence with the record retention policies of your group  company, in order to prevent its inadvertent disclosure.  Maintaining Data Integrity  We recognize data as a valuable and strategic enterprise asset and maintaining its integrity is of great importance to SMBC. At SMBC, everyone is responsible for data  integrity. The objective is to produce data as accurately  and completely as possible to meet legal, regulatory,  operational, and organizational requirements. Included in that objective is the retention of data as required in connection with actual or reasonably anticipated legal, regulatory, or investigative proceedings.  Using SMBC Property and Equipment  SMBC expects you to use SMBC property and equipment solely for business purposes and to protect those assets  against risk, theft, waste, and abuse. SMBC property includes, but is not limited to, supplies, facilities, intellectual property, information technology, financial  assets, SMBC’s name and logo, and other SMBC resources.  Managing Risk  At SMBC, managing risk is both a collective and individual  responsibility central to our ability to maintain our place  as a top-tier global financial institution that serves our clients, employees, shareholders, and communities. Each  of us is responsible for managing risk, being aware of and understanding the risks associated with our role, and for prudently managing those risks in accordance with SMBC’s  values. In general, this means:  Â  Proactively raising concerns  about potential risks.  Â  Promoting and fostering a strong culture  of risk awareness.  Â  Being accountable  for your actions and promoting  prudent risk-taking within the boundaries of our  risk appetite.  Â  Taking a forward-looking, holistic  approach  to  evaluating risks.  Â  Adhering to in-scope risk management frameworks, policies and procedures , as relevant.  Business Communications and Systems  All SMBC telephone, voicemail, email, and other data  transmission and communication systems, as well as all the information transmitted by, received from, or stored in  these systems, are the property of SMBC. You should have  no expectation of privacy in your use of SMBC equipment  and systems. Although limited personal messages that do not contain otherwise prohibited content are not  prohibited, SMBC’s communication systems are not to be used for soliciting outside business ventures or other non- SMBC-related purposes, or otherwise in violation of any  SMBC policy.  SMBC monitors, inspects, and/or records your use of SMBC’s communications devices or services, including email, internet activity, telephone, and voicemail. You are expected to conduct your communications in a professional  manner and with professional language.

OUR CONDUCT 18  OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR RESPONSIBILITY  OUR WORKPLACE  OUR COMMUNITIES  Conflicts of Interest  A conflict of interest commonly arises when personal  interests interfere or appear to interfere or compete in any way with the best interests of SMBC or a client. You are  expected to perform your duties conscientiously, honestly,  and in accordance with the best interests of SMBC and its clients. Accordingly, you must avoid perceived and actual  conflicts of interest. It is impossible to give examples of all types of conflicts, but at a minimum you should consider whether:  Â  Your interests might conflict with your obligations to SMBC or adversely affect your judgment in the performance of your responsibilities to SMBC; or  Â  Your position or responsibilities at SMBC present an  improper opportunity for private or personal advantage to you, a family member, or a friend.  SMBC reserves the right, in its discretion, to prohibit any activity that it believes may create a conflict of interest. If you sense that a course of action you have pursued, are presently pursuing, or are contemplating pursuing may create a conflict of interest with SMBC and its clients, you  should immediately communicate all of the facts to your supervisor and escalate to your Compliance Department  for review. You are responsible for identifying, managing, and escalating actual or perceived conflicts of interest in  accordance with regulatory requirements, internal policies, and this Code of Conduct.  Conflicts of interest can also arise among SMBC, its  clients, and vendors employed by SMBC, between SMBC  and its clients, and vendors versus clients. A transactional conflict of interest arises where SMBC is in a position of  owing a duty of care to two or more clients and is unable  to fairly discharge its obligations to both. The General Affairs Department of SMBC Head Office has established a system to manage conflicts of interest fairly, both  between SMBC and our clients and between one customer and another. Please reach out to AD Control Room  for questions on local transactional conflicts, which is governed by AD Transactional Conflicts of Interest Policy. Remember, conflicts of interest are frequently a matter of perception. We must be aware of how others might view situations regarding perceived conflicts of interest or potential conflicts of interest and act to avoid or resolve  them quickly and transparently.  Accepting or Giving of Gifts, Favors, or Entertainment  You must not accept gifts, payments, services, special considerations, or favors of any kind when such acceptance may influence, or appear to influence, your independent  exercise of judgment in the best interest of SMBC. You  generally must obtain pre-approval and report offers, receipts, and refusals of gifts or favors in accordance with the policy applicable to the location where you work. Receiving gifts is generally prohibited. Offering gifts may  similarly be unacceptable. In general, you should not give  gifts that:  Â  Would violate local laws, regulations, or the policy  applicable where you work;  Â  Could reasonably appear to be offered with the intent to improperly influence or to obtain an improper  advantage; or

OUR CONDUCT 19  OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR RESPONSIBILITY  OUR WORKPLACE  OUR COMMUNITIES  Â  Would be unreasonable, excessive, or extravagant under the circumstances. Entertainment and other forms of hospitality must generally also be pre-approved and reported in accordance  with the policy applicable to the location where you  work. You must refer to the policy to determine if such  entertainment or hospitality is permitted.  You should be mindful that stricter rules may apply when  dealing with a government, government entities (e.g.,  sovereign wealth funds or pension plans), and government  officials (foreign and domestic). Please refer to the Anti- Bribery and Corruption section of this Code of Conduct for additional information. It is your responsibility to know the Gifts and  Entertainment policy, procedures and internal controls that  are applicable to the location where you work.  Engaging in Outside Business Activities/ Affiliations  SMBC does not prohibit you from engaging in Outside  Business Activities/Affiliations (“OBA”), including business opportunities outside of SMBC, or taking on additional  employment, unless your employment contract states otherwise. In any event, OBAs must not interfere with your employment by SMBC or result in an actual or perceived  conflict of interest. Employees must also comply with the policy applicable to the location where they work as well as reporting requirements applicable to their position in connection with engaging in such OBAs. For any question,  contact the Employee Compliance Department, email SMB  COutsideBusinessActivityDisclosures-AD@smbcgroup.com  or your group company’s compliance officers for further clarification. You must be aware that your OBAs have the potential to affect SMBC’s reputation, brand, customer relationships, business partnerships, co-worker relationships and/or your role. If your actions outside of work are associated with SMBC, even if unintended, an actual or perceived conflict  of interest may arise.  Political Activities  We respect your right to participate in political activities and make contributions during your free time. At the same time, political activities and contributions must be done entirely on your own behalf, not on behalf of or in the  name of SMBC, and they must not interfere with your work  performance, disrupt normal business activity, take place during your work time or use SMBC resources. Your political activities and contributions can appear to be an attempt to affect the decisions of public officials  regarding SMBC business. Because of this, in some  jurisdictions and under some circumstances these contributions or activities are prohibited by local regulations. For these reasons, to the extent permitted by local law and based on the policies that apply to your entities, political contributions, including in-kind contributions and volunteering activities, must be pre-approved. For any question,  contact the Employee Compliance Department, email  SMBCPoliticalContributionSurveillance@smbcgroup.com .  Note that political activities and contributions are defined  very broadly to include anything of value given (e.g., merchandise that is purchased), loaned, or advanced to  influence an election, including volunteer activities.  Please make sure that you are aware of and comply with  any rules and policies that apply to your jurisdiction,  including applicable lobbying and foreign interference  legislation and the required pre-clearance of contributions  to the extent permitted by local law and/or regulation.

OUR CONDUCT 20  OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR RESPONSIBILITY  OUR WORKPLACE  OUR COMMUNITIES  Â  Requirements related to notifying Human Resources if you engage in a romantic relationship with another  employee.  Â  Making or influencing employment-related decisions  pertaining to persons with whom you have a close  personal relationship.  You are expected to understand and abide by the  provisions addressing personal relationships in this Code of Conduct as well as those within your Employee Handbook and disclose such relationships to your Human Resources  Department.  Personal Relationships With Third Parties  Actual or potential conflicts of interest can also arise through a personal relationship with an external SMBC stakeholder, including, without limitation, a customer or an  employee of a customer, counterparty, third-party provider, a regulatory authority or other business contact of SMBC.  To mitigate any actual or perceived conflict of interest resulting from a personal relationship with an external  SMBC stakeholder, you must be aware of requirements  relating to disclosing personal relationships with a  customer or an employee of an external SMBC stakeholder. Consult with your Compliance Department for further  details on the reporting requirements applicable to the location where you work.  Personal Relationships Among Employees  You are responsible for avoiding personal relationships that could impact your objective judgment or decision-making as an SMBC employee. Actual or potential conflicts of  interest may arise if you are working with someone with  whom you have a close personal relationship outside of  the workplace.  Examples of “personal relationships” include, without limitation, a relative, romantic partner, or sexual partner. For the purposes of this Code of Conduct, a “relative” is defined as anyone related by blood, marriage, or adoption, including, without limitation, a spouse, parent, child, sibling, step relative or in-law, or domestic partner. Be aware of:  Â  Restrictions relating to hiring or working with relatives or someone with whom you have a romantic or sexual relationship.  Â  Restrictions relating to being in a position where you can influence compensation or promotion of someone with whom you have a close personal relationship.  Â  Requirements related to notifying your supervisor and Human Resources if you are or become a relative of  another employee.  Insider Trading and Personal Investment Activities  Personal investment activities must be conducted in compliance with all applicable laws, regulations, and SMBC policies. No Staff 3  in possession of MNPI about a company, regardless of whether the company is a client, may purchase or sell (“trade”) that company’s security, any  derivative of that security, or any related security to the issuer. This includes trading activity in accounts for SMBC, Staff, Covered Persons or a third party’s account. Advising or requesting others to trade that security in said accounts on the basis of such information is prohibited. Trading in the securities of a company in such circumstances may be a violation of U.S. and other countries’ securities laws.  Per the Personal Investment and Brokerage Account  Trading Policy, all Staff or Covered Persons that are deemed  to be in scope must adhere to the personal account trading requirements. Such requirements include, but are not limited to, disclosure of accounts, preclearance of trading  activity, and a mandatory holding period. For additional information on Confidential Information and Material Non-Public Information, please reference the respective section above.  3 Employees (including local hires and Japanese expats), and Contingent  Workers (including consultants, agency temps, and independent  contractors as permitted by law and other legal agreements).

OUR CONDUCT 21  OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR RESPONSIBILITY  OUR WORKPLACE  OUR COMMUNITIES  Personal Finances  Avoid taking any actions that would undermine your or  SMBC’s credibility or create an appearance of impropriety.  To avoid potential conflicts of interest or an appearance  of impropriety, you must not lend money to or borrow money from customers or third-party providers such as  suppliers/service providers, unless the loan is obtained from an institution that is in the business of lending and the loan is on non-preferential terms as it relates to your SMBC employment. In addition, borrowing money from or  lending money to other employees is prohibited unless the  employee is a relative. An occasional loan of nominal value  (e.g., dinner or lunch) between employees is acceptable if no interest is charged and the amount is reimbursed.  Gambling  Participation in gambling or betting of any kind while on  SMBC premises or using SMBC resources is prohibited, regardless of whether it involves the exchange of money,  goods, services and/or favors or not. This includes, without limitation, engaging in gambling or betting while utilizing SMBC-owned devices or applications run on SMBC-owned devices, even if it is legally permissible in the location where you work and/or your SMBC office is located.  Business Expenses  You must report your business expenses accurately and  in a timely manner. Corporate credit cards must be used  for appropriate business expenses only and in accordance with applicable SMBC policies and any expense policy  applicable to your business or the location where you work.  Anti-Money Laundering  Money laundering is the process by which criminals conceal the existence or source of funds obtained from  illegal activities so that they appear to be proceeds from legal activities. SMBC has a comprehensive anti-money  laundering (“AML”) program and complies with applicable  AML laws and regulations. It is your responsibility to know and comply with all AML policies, laws, and regulations that are applicable to the location where you work. If you are unsure of what policies, laws, and regulations apply to you,  consult with your Compliance Department.  Anti-Bribery and Corruption  Integrity is one of our core values that guides us as we  conduct business every day. In addition to our internal commitment to integrity, SMBC is subject to the anti- bribery and corruption laws of the countries in which it  operates, including, but not limited to, the United States  Foreign Corrupt Practices and the Bank Bribery Act, the United Kingdom Bribery Act, the Canadian Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act, the Criminal Code, Chilean  Laws No. 21.595 and 20.393, regarding economic crimes  and corporate criminal liability, respectively, Colombian Anti-corruption Statute (law 1474 of 2011), Colombian Anti-Bribery Act (Law 1778 of 2018), Colombian Law on Transparency, Prevention, and Fight against Corruption (Law 2195 of 2022), Law 1121 of 2006, Colombian Anti- corruption and Anti-Money Laundering Laws (the “AML  and ABC laws”), the Colombian Criminal Code, the Mexican  Criminal Code, the Mexican Federal Law for the Prevention and Identification of Transactions with Resources of Illegal Origin, the Peruvian Anti-bribery, Anti-money laundering and counter financing of terrorism laws regulations, and  the Peruvian Criminal Code.  Remember, you may not:  Â  Offer, promise, authorize or provide anything of value to anyone, including government officials, Politically Exposed Persons (“PEPs”), clients, customers, and/ or third parties, with the intention of obtaining or retaining an improper benefit or business advantage;  Â  Solicit for yourself or for a third party, or have someone solicit on your behalf, anything of value from anyone  in return for any business, service, or Confidential Information of SMBC; or  Â  Accept anything of value for yourself or a third party  from anyone in connection with the business of SMBC either before or after a transaction is discussed or  consummated.

OUR CONDUCT 22  OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR RESPONSIBILITY  OUR WORKPLACE  OUR COMMUNITIES  It is your responsibility to know and comply with the anti- bribery and corruption policies applicable to the location  where you work.  Sanctions  SMBC has policies, procedures, and internal controls for  complying with relevant Applicable Sanctions, as defined  within the U.S., Japan, Canada, the U.K., Chile, Mexico, Colombia, Peru, and the U.N., which restrict doing business  with certain persons and entities, and within certain jurisdictions. It is your responsibility to know and comply with all applicable economic sanctions policies. For these  policies, please consult with your Compliance Department.  Antitrust and Anti-Tying  Antitrust law is designed to promote a competitive marketplace by restricting certain agreements, communications and behavior that harm competition. Violation of the antitrust laws can include certain agreements or communications with competitors, and unilateral conduct by firms with substantial market power, including bundling practices and product tying. U.S. anti-  tying laws and associated rules generally prohibit U.S. banks (including U.S. branches of non-U.S. banks) from  conditioning the availability or prices of one product on the  requirements that a customer also obtain another product  or service from SMBC or one of its affiliates. Such violations can result in severe penalties for SMBC  and possibly SMBC employees. It is your responsibility  to know and comply with the antitrust and anti-tying rules applicable to the location where you work. If you  are unsure of what rules apply to you or if your conduct  is at risk of violating such rules, consult with your Legal  Department.  Communicating Responsibly Media Inquiries  SMBC Group’s reputation is key to the firm’s success, and engaging in external communications is an effective way to enhance and protect our reputation. Following SMBC’s External Communications Policy ensures that our communications with external audiences are properly managed with prepared subject-matter experts whose  messages are consistent and aligned with SMBC’s strategic  business goals and policies. If you find yourself in the following situations, contact the Media Relations Team at MediaRelationsAmericas@SMBCGroup.com:  Â  Contacted by a member of the media,  Â  Invited to speak at an event, including webinars,  panels, and presentations 4 ,  Â  Invited to publish an article under your SMBC title. Unless otherwise authorized by the Media Relations Team, the firm has not authorized any individual to speak on  behalf of SMBC without advance approval.  Engaging With Regulatory Authorities  As a participant in a highly regulated industry, SMBC must maintain the trust and confidence of the marketplace and  of its federal, state, provincial and other regulatory and  supervisory authorities, governmental agencies, and self- regulatory authorities (collectively, “regulatory authorities”).  We insist that all individuals act with honesty, integrity,  transparency, and requisite confidentiality when interacting with regulatory authorities, as failure to do so could result in financial penalties, reputational damage, sanctions, loss of license or other privileges, and litigation. To ensure that our communications with regulatory authorities are correct, proper, and delivered in a timely  manner, we have established policies and authorized  persons that guide those communications. You should not communicate with regulatory authorities unless you have been specifically authorized to do so, subject to the exceptions set forth in this section below. The SMBC U.S. Regulatory Communications Policy provides further  4 This does not include private client presentations that are part of your  job or speaking engagements that are part of an approved Outside  Business Activity.

OUR CONDUCT 23  OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR RESPONSIBILITY  OUR WORKPLACE  OUR COMMUNITIES guidance, and your group company may have further  policies or procedures specific to communicating with its corresponding regulatory authorities. For questions pertaining to communicating with regulatory authorities,  consult with the business area responsible for handling the  regulatory affairs of your group company. In addition, communications between SMBC and our regulatory authorities must be treated as confidential and highly sensitive and must not be shared externally  without the consent of the applicable regulatory authority  and applicable requirements of law, such as regulations governing confidentiality of supervisory information. Internally, communications with our regulatory authorities  must only be shared on a need-to-know basis. Prior to  sharing any communications with a regulatory authority on  behalf of SMBC or your group company, consult with the  business area responsible for handling the regulatory affairs  of your group company. Nothing in this Code of Conduct or internal policy, however,  prohibits or restricts employees from lawfully:  Â  Communicating directly with or providing information to a regulatory authority regarding a possible violation of a law, rule, or regulation;  Â  Initiating, testifying in, or assisting in an action or investigation by any such regulatory authority relating to a possible violation of a law, rule, or regulation; or  Â  Making other disclosures that are protected under the whistleblower provisions of applicable federal, state, or local law.  You are highly encouraged to bring matters of concern to your Legal and/or Compliance Departments or through the Speak Up Hotline prior to communicating directly with a  regulatory authority as set forth above.  Mandatory Training and Obtaining and Maintaining Licenses and Certifications  We are committed to sustainable growth while maintaining  a culture of compliance. You are expected to complete all  assigned trainings, certifications and attestations that are issued by SMBC by the designated deadline. In addition,  you are expected to obtain and maintain any licenses or  certifications required for your role. In line with SMBC’s  value of Integrity, all internal training tests and third-party  exams (e.g., securities licenses, CPA exams, CLE credits)  are to be taken independently and you must not engage  in dishonest activity (e.g., cheating, taking screenshots  of or notes on quiz answers) or other unethical behavior. Failure to independently complete assigned trainings by the designated deadline, or maintain such licenses  or certifications, may result in disciplinary measures for employees up to and including termination of employment.  Approval Authority  Decisions taken within SMBC should always be taken  at the right level. Within the Combined U.S. Operations  (“CUSO”)  5 , SMBC employs a groupwide governance  structure where the group’s legal entities’ activities are collectively organized, for management reporting purposes, into three business lines (verticals) and corporate functions. Therefore, before you enter a transaction, or take any action that is of significance, the transaction or action  must be agreed upon or approved through the groupwide  functional reporting line as per the groupwide approval authorities. Similarly, any authoritative documentation referencing approval authorities must be aligned with the groupwide approval authorities. Refer to the policies applicable to you, your manager or to the Office of the CEO’s Strategy & Governance team to confirm how to get approval for a specific transaction or action.  5 Outside of the CUSO, including the Banco Sumitomo Brasileiro S.A., SMBC Canada Branch, SMD-AM or SOFOM, please refer to the authority rules that apply to you.

Our Workplace  Equal Employment Opportunity and Promoting Inclusion and Diversity Workplace Conduct Drug-Free and Alcohol-Free Workplace Workplace Safety, Violence, and Threats

OUR WORKPLACE 25  OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR RESPONSIBILITY  OUR CONDUCT  OUR COMMUNITIES  Equal Employment Opportunity and Promoting Inclusion and Diversity  SMBC is firmly committed to providing equal employment  opportunity for all employees and applicants without regard to race, color, sex (including pregnancy, sexual  orientation, gender identity, and gender expression), religion, age, marital status, creed, national origin, citizenship status, physical or mental disability, ancestry, military or veteran status, genetic information, or any other  protected category under local, state, provincial, or federal law (“Protected Category”)  6, 7, 8 . SMBC complies with all federal, state, provincial, and local equal employment opportunity laws in all hiring and  employment practices. Equal opportunity extends to all aspects of the employment relationship, including, without limitation, hiring, promotions, training, working conditions, compensation, and benefits. Our policies and practices are intended to reflect our commitment to non-discrimination  in all areas of employment. SMBC values and promotes diversity in the workplace.  Diversity refers to both human differences and similarities,  including, but not limited to, those based on culture,  ethnicity, gender, and age. We believe that promoting diversity plays an important role in attracting and retaining diverse talent, fostering greater innovation and creativity, while enhancing our communication, collaboration, and relationships with clients and the marketplace. SMBC is committed to inclusion and diversity initiatives that embrace the strengths of our differences, encourage involvement, and provide equal access to opportunities  and growth. We promote diversity by developing policies, programs, and procedures that foster a work environment  in which differences are respected, all employees are treated fairly, and harassment, discrimination, and bullying  are prohibited. 6 Additionally, in Canada, SMBC is also providing equal employment  opportunity for all employees and applicants without regard to a  conviction for an offence for which a pardon has been granted or in  respect of which a record suspension has been ordered. 7 Additionally, in Chile, SMBC shall provide equal employment opportunities for all employees avoiding any distinction, exclusion or preference based on race, color, sex, maternity, breastfeeding, age, civil status, union membership, religion, political opinion, nationality, ethnicity, socioeconomic status, language, beliefs, participation in trade organizations, sexual orientation, gender, parentage, personal appearance, illness, disabilities, social origin or any other reason according to the definitions on article 2 of the Labor Code.  8 In Peru, breastfeeding, language, opinion, and economic opinion are  included within the Protected Categories. Our Workplace  SMBC is committed to inclusion and diversity initiatives that embrace the strengths of our differences, encourage involvement, and provide equal access to opportunities and growth.

OUR WORKPLACE 26  OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR RESPONSIBILITY  OUR CONDUCT  OUR COMMUNITIES  SMBC may occasionally allow the on-site consumption of alcoholic beverages in moderation at some SMBC- sanctioned events, such as internal business-related events  or meetings, and in the course of attending outside events on behalf of SMBC. In any situation, you should not allow  the consumption of alcohol to impair your ability to conduct  yourself in an appropriate and professional manner.  Workplace Safety, Violence, and Threats  SMBC is committed to providing a safe and healthy work  environment for all employees. We comply with all federal, state, provincial and local requirements regarding safety and health and do not tolerate any form of threatened or actual workplace violence. Our ability to provide a safe work environment depends not only upon our establishment and enforcement of appropriate policies and standards for workplace safety,  but also upon your willingness to actively assist in the prevention and reporting of hazardous conditions that may cause injury and/or illness to yourself and others.  Every employee is responsible for fostering a safe work environment. You should report to your supervisor and  Human Resources Department immediately any unsafe condition, as well as any accidents or injuries you suffer while on the job, regardless of whether first aid or medical treatment is required, as well as any unsafe conditions. In addition, we expect you to conduct yourself in a  professional, business-like manner and avoid threatening or unsafe behavior. Threats of violence to persons or property, possession or concealment of a weapon while on SMBC premises or while doing business for SMBC, actual violent behavior, or other types of behavior that in the judgment of SMBC could endanger the safety or well-being of others with whom you come into contact in the course of your work will not be tolerated and should be reported immediately. Your safety and security in the workplace are a paramount concern of SMBC. If you witness or learn of an act or threat of physical violence and feel the safety of your colleagues is  at risk, do not hesitate to first contact the emergency services in the location where you work and then contact your supervisor and/or Human Resources Department.  Workplace Conduct  SMBC strives to keep its workplace free from unlawful  discrimination and harassment. In furtherance of that goal,  bullying is not tolerated in our workplace. You are expected to contribute to and maintain a work environment that is professional, appropriate and inclusive, supports freedom of thought, and increases professional knowledge. You are  expected to apply these standards when interacting with  your peers, industry colleagues, clients, and shareholders.  SMBC takes a firm stance against discrimination, harassment,  and bullying, and sets forth complaint procedures that employees are to follow in the event they believe  discrimination, harassment, or bullying has occurred. For further information, consult your Employee Handbook.  Drug-Free and Alcohol-Free Workplace  SMBC is committed to maintaining a drug-free workplace. To this end, the manufacturing, cultivation, dispensing, distributing, purchase, sale, possession, or use of an illegal substance or, with limited exceptions, alcohol, or the  improper use of a controlled substance on SMBC property  or any customer site or off-site while conducting business is expressly prohibited. Additionally, being impaired by alcohol, drugs, or narcotics during working hours or while performing work duties, or any use of illegal substances during working hours or while performing work duties is also prohibited.

Our Communities  Community Involvement Solicitations for Charitable Contributions

OUR COMMUNITIES 28  OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR RESPONSIBILITY  OUR CONDUCT  OUR WORKPLACE  Our Communities  Community Involvement  We believe we have a corporate responsibility to support  the communities in which we operate and those of our employees. Through Corporate Citizenship—a part of  Sustainability—we foster an environment where employees  are encouraged to participate in volunteer activities to help local nonprofits, and to donate funds to charitable  programs and causes across a range of cause areas. To support the charitable interests of our employees, based  on the eligibility rules of the location and entity where they work as well as the dispositions of their employment contract, SMBC may offer time off to volunteer, and the SMBC Global Foundation, the firm’s philanthropic arm in the Americas region and center of the social contribution strategy, may offer an Employee Matching Gift Program through which personal donations to charities are matched. In addition to empowering our employees to support our communities, the SMBC Global Foundation supports the mission and good work of nonprofits and  contributes to our Sustainability strategy.  When donating on behalf of any CUSO entity rather  than themselves, employees must follow the Policy on  Corporate Charitable Contributions.  Solicitations for Charitable Contributions  While SMBC encourages you to become involved with  charitable organizations, you are prohibited from soliciting, fundraising, vending, selling, and distributing materials  or products unrelated to SMBC business during working  hours or while on SMBC property. In addition, anyone who is not an SMBC employee is not permitted on  SMBC property to solicit, sell, or distribute any materials or products to employees. This policy also applies to  solicitation and distribution by electronic means and is  designed to ensure the orderly performance of our daily business and to help maintain security. You must also  comply with any regulations, restrictions and policies governing contributions that may apply to you.  Exceptions to this policy include cases where such  acts are sponsored by Sustainability, Corporate  Citizenship, an Enterprise Resource Group or approved  by your Human Resources Department.  We foster an environment where employees are encouraged to support needs in our communities through volunteering, donating, and other charitable efforts.

OUR COMMUNITIES 29  OUR PURPOSE & VALUES  OUR RESPONSIBILITY  OUR CONDUCT  OUR WORKPLACE  The Code of Conduct is administered by the Office of the CEO,  Americas Division, Strategy & Governance Group, on behalf  of the Head of the Office of the CEO, Americas Division as its  owner, and it is subject to review and reapproval annually, in  consultation with Legal, Compliance, and Human Resources.


</Finance_Japan_Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group_2024.pdf>