This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Finance_Japan_MUFG Group_2025.pdf>

MUFG  Group  Code of  Conduct  20 2 5

Content s  Message from the Group CEO  ································ ································  01  Introduction  １  MUFG Way  and Code of Conduct  ································ ·····················  0 2  ２  Code of Conduct （ Main text ）  ································ ·························  0 3  ３  About the Code of Conduct  ································ ·····························  0 5  ４  Failure to Abide by the Code of  Conduct  ································ ···········  0 6  ５  Roles and Responsibilities of Managers  ································ ·············  0 7  Code of Conduct  Chapter 1.  Customer Focus  08  １ - １  Honesty and Integrity  ································ ···························  0 9  １ - ２  Ensuring Quality ································ ································ ···  1 0  １ - ３  Exceeding Customer Expectations ································ ···········  1 1  Chapter 2.  Responsibility as a Corporate Citizen  1 2  ２ - １  Adherence to Laws and Rules  ································ ················  1 3  ２ - ２  Prevention of Financial Crime  ································ ·················  1 4  ２ - ３  Contributing to Society ································ ··························  1 6  Chapter 3.  Behaviors in the Work space  1 7  ３ - １  Challenge  and Agility  ································ ····························  1 8  ３ - ２  Inclusive  and  Respectful  Working Environment  ·························  1 9  ３ - ３  Protecting MUFG’s Assets and Property ································ ····  2 0  ３ - ４  Reporting Problem Situations and Seeking Advice  ·····················  2 1  （ N ote ： E xplanations in each chapter are described in  □ 1  ～ □ 4  o r ● ）

0 1  We  l ive in an age of great  –  and ironic  –  change .  On one hand, values and view point s are rapidly fragment i ng  in countless new ways .  A t  the same time , digital  technology  instantly  connect s  people and all manner of things,  unrestrained by time and place. Companies today are expected to conte n d with these  dramatic countervailing forces of fra g mentation and connection with agility, flexibility,  and speed.  In  this  complex  environment , MUFG is  determined  to fulfill our  stated  Purpose  of  “ Empowering a brighter future ”  as a trusted force connect ing  a divers e  spectrum of  stakeholders around the globe. Placing “ Agility” alongside our longstanding  Values  of  “Integrity and Responsibility , ”  “ Professionalism and Teamwork , ”  and  “Challenge”  allows  us  to  serve  as  that  force,  helping  lead  society  on  a  constructive  path  in  this  transformati ve  new age .  To  do this ,  each of us  must  connect  our  own  Purpose  and  Values  to  our daily work ,  creating an individual  path  of professional and personal fulfillment that lead s  to a more  successful company  and  a more successful career.  This is why  the  mindset we call  our  MUFG Way  –  shaped by clearly defined ,  shared  values  –  i s meant to inform  our management  decisions and guide our  actions .  In th i s  spirit, linking the  MUFG Way  to our  stated  P urpose  is the reason for this  Code of  Conduct . It lays stepping - stones composing a path of certainty through uncertain times.  It  guides  our decisions, our day - to - day behavior, and our efforts to do the right thing at  all times.  Why is this important?  O ur foundation is trust. While trust in MUFG is p ainstakingly built  –  moment by moment, year by year, through actions you and I take every day  –  it can  be compromised instantly with one bad decision.  Some decisions can  be difficult. The  path may not always be clear. In these cases, we  refer to this  Code  as our guide.  To  gauge if we are doing the right thing , ask:  Can  I  explain  my  choices with honor to  my  family and friends?  Please, if you notice anything contravening our standards of conduct  in any way,  report  it immediately to your supervisor or  to  the Compliance Helpline. Do not hesitate. It is  the right thing to do and a sacred responsibility.  MUFG is committed to cultivating an atmosphere where every colleague can speak freely  and fearlessly. Your courage is appreciated  –  encouraged, protected  –  and the firm is  responsible for responding appropriately. No repercussive actions will be taken against  a colleague making a n  honest report to protect what’s right.  This  Code  is not just for reading. It is for action  –  literally. Sustaining the trust of  c ustomers and society depends on our conduct at day - to - day work.  Thank you for  always doing the right thing.  ruest standards are within our own hearts. When struggling to at work,we should  April 20 2 5  Hironori Kamezawa  Member of the Board of Directors, President & Group CEO  Be  an institution of  enduring  trust  Message from the Group CEO

0 2  １  MUFG Way  and Code of Conduct  The M UFG Way sets forth the most basic stance of the MUFG Group in the execution  of its business activities . It is designed to  make each employee aware of the purpos e  of the Group, and is the guiding principle for all its activities.  The  Code of Conduct shows how Group members should make their decisions and act  on a daily basis, and is an important part of supporting the MUFG Way.  “ Culture ”  Culture is the common set of behaviours  and underlying mindsets that shape how people  work and interact day to day.* Culture is the character and personality of our organization.  It ’ s what makes our business unique and is the sum of our values, traditions, beliefs,  interactions,  behaviors, and attitudes.  This could include ,  but  is  not limited to ,  explicit written  documents such as our MUFG Way and Code of Conduct, but more importantly ,  the shared  norms of behavior experienced by colleagues every day  and can have a significant i nfl uence  on the behavior and decision  making  process  of  those .  The strength of MUFG  “ Integrity  and  Responsibility ”  has been built  by providing safe an d  secure services,  and  is one of  the  shared  value s  among  the  colle a gues of MUFG.  At the same  time,  it is becoming increasingly important  to “Challenge” ourselves with “Agility”  in  which  each of us  should  think, decide and act for oneself and do so swiftly, together  demonstrat ing  “Professionalism and Teamwork”  in  how to respond to the needs of our stakeholders in an  era  of rapid change . Let’s deepen our understanding on  the MUFG Way and Code of Conduct,  and work together to build a culture that is worthy of  “ Be the world’s most tr usted financial  group . ”  *Source: McKinsey & Company  –  Organisational Health Index .

0 3  ２  Code of Conduct (Main text)  Chapter 1.  Customer Focus  Our customers are at the center of everything we do, and  should always be the focus  of our thoughts. Our aim should be to win the trust and confidence of our customers at  all times. MUFG exists today because of the trust and confidence that customers have  placed in us over many years. Our role is to increase an d strengthen this bedrock of  trust and confidence. Our activities are not driven by the prospect of short - term gains.  Instead, we look to build ongoing relationships with our customers to support their long -  term growth.  Our customers are at the center of everything we do.  We strive to act in the best interests of  our customers and handle their assets appropriately.  To build lasting relationships of trust and confidence with our customers, we lis ten carefully to  what our customers are telling us and maintain thorough quality control of all our products and  services, from planning and development to provision and subsequent revisions, with a view to  further enhanc e  quality.  We aim to meet the diverse needs of our customers worldwide, and to provide services  that  lead  transformation  and  exceed  their  expectations  through  the  highest  standards  of  professionalism, by leveraging our global network and the consolidated strengths of the entire  Group.  Chapter  ２ .  Responsibility as a Corporate Citizen  As we develop our business globally, we comply with all the domestic and international  laws and rules that may apply. We do all we can to maintain stability and confidence in  the global financial system, and we contribute to the sound and healthy growth of  society.  Aware of  the responsibility and accountability  that  each of us  ha s  as a member  of MUFG, we carry out fair and transparent corporate activities with honesty and  integrity, in a manner that supports and strengthens the trust and confidence MUFG  has  earned from society over many years.  In addition to adhering strictly to all domestic and international laws, regulations  and rules, we  strive to do the right thing based on our strict code of ethics.  Violations of laws or rules damage the vital social infrastructure of the financial system and  lead to a loss of trust  i n  MUFG. We strictly abide by all laws and rules relatin g to our business .  １ - １  Honesty and Integrity  １ - ２  Ensuring Quality  １ - ３  Exceeding Customer Expectations  ２ - １  Adherence to Laws and Rules

0 4  We have zero tolerance for supporting or facilitating financial crime or any attempt to circumvent  the rules and procedures aimed at  preventing financial crime. We take all reasonable steps  possible to prevent our products and services from being used by individuals or entities involved  in illegal or improper activities such as money laundering and terrorist financing.  We respect the history, cultures, and customs of different countries and regions around the  world, and work to contribute to the development of diverse communities and the protection of  the  environment  through  our  corporate  activities  and  the  social  volunt eer  efforts  of  our  colleagues .  Chapter 3.  Behaviors in the Work space  We strive to respond and adapt promptly to the diversifying and evolving needs of our  customers  and  the  rapidly  changing  environment  in  which  we  work.  The  working  environment at MUFG fosters mutual respect, enables individuals to make the most of  their abilities as professionals, and maximizes the power of teamwork across regions  and differ ent areas of business, encouraging all  colleagues  to embrace new challenges.  We always  work  to protect and maintain the tangible and intangible assets and property  that MUFG has accumulated.  We maximize the power of teamwork  and take advantage of  the changing business environment  as  opportunit ies  to embrace new challenges in new fields.  While we strive to enhance our  knowledge, expertise, and potential, each of us will think, decide and act for oneself and do so  swiftly in order to lead transformation.  We  value and  respect the  human rights and diversity of all MUFG  colleagues . We do not engage  in or tolerate any form of discrimination or harassment or any other behavior that infringes these  beliefs.  We protect the tangible and  intangible assets and property of MUFG and individual Group entities  and do not tolerate any behavior that might damage these assets.  If  you  become aware of conduct that contravenes the law, company regulations, the provisions  of this Code of Conduct, or any other  problem situations ,  you  must promptly report the matter  and seek advice from a  supervisor,  human resources, compliance  officer or i ssue a report  via  Compliance Helpline arrangements made available by MUFG.  ２ - ２  Prevention of Financial Crime  ２ - ３  Contributing to Society  ３ - １  Challenge  and Agility  ３ - ２  Inclusive  and  Respectful  Working Environment  ３ - ３  Protecting MUFG’s Assets and Property  ３ - ４  Reporting  Issues  and Seeking Advice

0 5  ３  About the Code of Conduct  （ １ ） The  Code of Conduct is designed to provide guidance  at all times ,  and in particular ,  when we find it difficult to know if we are making the  right choice. ( The  Code of  Conduct may be supplemented by entity or location specific guidelines, which  provide further guidance.)  （ ２ ） In sit uations where you feel uncertain, you should consider the following:  Is the conduct in  line with the Code of  Conduct and  internal  or  external  laws, rules, and  regulations ?  Am I  deceiving  my self  to rationalize  my  behavior?  Is  there  any  possibility  that  others  might  regard  my  conduct  as  inappropriate?  Would  I  do the same  thing to  my  family  or  those  that are close to me ?  （ ３ ） All  colleagues  must  under take  training on the Code of Conduct once a year,  as a general rule. In addition, each  colleague  must make an attestation ,  in a  form determined by the relevant Group entity ,  that he ,  she  or they  will abide  by the MUFG Code of Conduct.  Code of Conduct in practice  We expect the Code of Conduct to be acted on in our everyday interactions, but it is  sometimes easy just to  “do what we have always done”, so i f you  catch yourself  or  colleagues use the following words or phrases , maybe check if th e behaviour  needs  review.  •  “Everyone is doing it so I  am too …”  •  “This is usually done , this is how we have always done it , this should  be acceptable  from market practice …”  •  “It  has  always  been  ok, so it should be ok this time too…”  •  “I have exceptions  –  i t doesn’t apply for our division/department/unit”  •  “There is no turning back now”  T hese  can be  frequently - used  phrases  when  individuals have been influenced by previous  experience and perceived accepted normal practices  (sometimes  called biases ) .  It might  take c o urage to speak up  against  behaviors that ha ve been accepted f or  a  long time ,  h owever  those practices  which historically were acceptable may now not  be acceptable  as  industry  and  society  evolve s .  W hen  you  become  aware  of  yourself ,  or  notice  your  colleagues using these phrases,  please  pause ,  think  and  take action following the Code of  Conduct.

06  ４  Failure to Abide by the Code of Conduct  （１） All  colleagues  must abide by the Code of Conduct, as well as applicable laws ,  regulations, rules, protocols, procedures, and other guidelines determined by  Group MUFG entities.  If we have policies that are more restrictive than the Code  of Conduct, we must follow those policies.  Any conduct that fails to meet these  standards may re sult in disciplinary measures, up to and including termination  of employment, in accordance with the employment regulations and other rules  established separately by individual MUFG companies.  All  colleagues  may be held  personally responsible for conduct t hat damages the reputation and trust of an y  MUFG company or damages the company’s interests.  （２） A ll  colleagues  may also be held responsible  and accountable  f or the action or  inaction of others if they fail to take action despite knowing about  inappropriate  behavior or conduct on the part of others that is likely to have a serious negative  impact on the trust or interests of any Group entity, or if they ignore any such  conduct despite being in a position of responsibility requiring them to know  about  it.  A ll  colleagues  must cooperate in any audit, examination, or investigation  conducted related to potential violations of the Code, Company policy, procedures,  or guidelines.  （３） In addition,  any  colleagues ’  conduct may be reported to the relevant authorities,  which  could  result in a fine, loss of the qualification to work in the financial  industry, and/or even imprisonment.  Would I be treated as breaching the Code of Conduct  if I cannot  exceed  customer  expectations  or  achieve  growth  which  are  specified in the Code of Conduct?  The  C ode  of  C onduct  contains  a  mixture  of  different  guidelines.  Behaviors  like  “ H onesty and  I ntegr ity” and “Prevention of  F inancial  C rime” must be followed at all  times.  Others,  including  “Exceeding  C ustomer  E xpectations”  and  “ Challenge  and  Agility ” are more targets that you should aim toward s .  Conduct Risk  In addition to violation of existing rules (such as regulations),  behavior  1)  that  is  contrary  to  social norms ,  2 )  that  contravene s  business customs or market practices, or  3 )  that  do es  not  consider  the  customers ’  perspective  could  be  detrimental  to  the  interests  of  stakeholders ,  such as customers and shareholders , and as a result,  could  have a negative  impact on our corporate value, profit, and reputation .  This risk is called  “ C onduct  R isk. ”

07  ５  Roles and  Responsibilities of Managers  Managers have several additional roles and responsibilities.  (“Manager” here refers  primarily to  all managers with responsibility for leading  team members, head of  department and head of divisions.)  ①  Le ad by example and be proactive about acting ethically in accordance with the  MUFG  Way  and  the  Code of Conduct.  ②  W ork to ensure that  colleagues  under your supervision understand the content of  the MUFG  Way  and the Code of Conduct in a manner appropriate to  the  respective  organization.  ③  Foster an environment where all  colleagues  feel comfortable  speaking up to raise  concerns when they are struggli ng to reach a work - related decision ,  facing a  problem ,  or witness behavior that does not meet the Code of Conduct .  ④  Strictly  avoid  any  conduct  that  could  be  considered  as  an  abuse  of  your  position / role/authority .  ⑤  T ake appropriate, timely action when a  problem has arisen, either addressing the  issue directly or escalating appropriately.  Managers ’  role in creating  psychological safety  The role of a manager is critical in creat ing  a strong and high performing team , and one  area of  particu l ar importance when considering the Code of Conduct is for all managers to  consistently create a  state of high psychological safety .  P sychological safety is “ a  state of co m fort to expres s  your thoughts, opinions, feelings  openly  to everyone within your organization”.  This is an  environment where you can  provide  challenge,  where  you  are  able  to  report  mistakes  without  fear  of  unfair  consequences .  If you feel safe  in the working  environment,  you  will feel empowered to  identify and implement change  which  enables innovative ideas  to evolve .  L et’s work  together  to create a n open, collaborative and inclusive  workspace  for everyone .

08  Chapter 1.  Customer Focus  Our customers are at the center of everything we do, and should always be the focus  of our thoughts. Our aim should be to win the trust and confidence of our customers  at all times.  MUFG exists today because of the trust and confidence that customers have placed in  us over many years.  Our role is to increase and strengthen this bedrock of trust and confidence.  Our activities are not driven by the prospect of short - term gains.  Inste ad, we look to build  ongoing relationships  with our customers to support their  long - term growth.

09  Our customers are at the center of everything we do.  We strive to act in the best  interests of our customers and  handle their assets appropriately.  １  Acting with Honesty and Integrity  ⚫  We place our customers at the center of everything we do.  W e work fairly and  honestly to support our customers ’  long - term sustained growth.  ２  Safeguarding Customer Assets  (Including Information )  ⚫  We  always remain conscious that the cash, securities, and other assets, as well as  information entrusted to us by our customers, are their valuable assets.  ⚫  We treat our customers ’  financial assets  entrusted to us based on our customers’  trust  and  confidence  with  the  utmost  care  and  ensure  that  they  are  properly  safeguarded at all times.  ⚫  Based on the intentions of our customers,  w e  use  and  process customer information ,  only  for  necessary  business  processes  reason s  and  within  necessary  area s ,  protect ing  the  confidentiality, security and  customer  privacy of information .  ３  Protecting Customer Interests Properly  ⚫  To protect the interests of our clients,  w e  act  to treat our  customers in a fair, ethical,  and non - discriminatory manner  with honest y  and  integrity  and conduct our  business  transactions with responsibility and a high level of ethics.  ⚫  When  conducting business with customers, we are sensitive to the possibility of  con flicts of interest between customers or between a customer and a n  MUFG  Group  entity.  W e act appropriately at all times, in line with the guidelines on managing  C onflicts of  I nterest.  Trust and Confidence Are Not Built in a Day  Our business relies on trust and confidence of our customers.  While trust and confidence cannot be gained in a day, they can be shattered in an instant  by a single  incorrect  action.Therefore, accumulation of sincere actions by each individual  is indispens able. By  keeping this in mind and practicing it, all officers and employees can  create a healthy organizational culture. This awareness must never be forgotten.  Let us take a moment to reflect on whether we behave in manners befitting a member of  MUFG, take an interest in those around us and communicate openly and actively, even  about  the  smallest  observations.  Doing  so  will  contribute  to  building  a  healthy  organizational culture and, as a result, lead to the early detection of problems .  １ - １  Honesty and Integrity

10  To build lasting relationships of trust and confidence with our customers, we listen  carefully to what our customers are  telling  us and  maintain thorough quality control  of all our products and services, from planning and development to provision and  subse quent revisions, with a view to further enhancing quality.  １  Best Possible Products and Services for Customers  ⚫  In order to  build  trust and lasting positive business relationships with  customers , it  is  important  to  maintain  thorough  quality  control  at  all  stages  during  the  development and delivery of our products and services.  ⚫  Quality control means developing and providing the best possible products and  services for  customers and  ensuring accurac y and safety in all our business  dealings .  ⚫  To this end, it is important to always keep in mind the following principles:  ①  Cl early define  the  scope of  customer s to  which products and services are  going to be  promoted  and  the  needs  of customers  when  planning and develop ing products.  ②  Ensure that the risks  associated with  our products and services  are  understandable  and acceptable to the customer .  ③  Ensure that products and services proposed and provided to customers match their  purposes, needs, knowledg e, experience, financial capabilities, and other relevant  conditions .  ④  Provide  clear and accurate explanations that  enable  customers to understand the  nature  and risks of our products and services.  ⑤  Be  fair - minded ,  courteous, and sincere in all  dealings  with our customers.  ２  Continuous  Work to Improve Quality  ⚫  We  should  regularly confirm that our products and services are meeting the needs  of our customers, and  we  work constantly to review and improve the quality of all  our products and services.  What is a true professional  We must conduct our business with  fairness and integrity towards our customers, always  striving to act in their best interests.  A  true  professional  understands  and  adapts  to  changes  in  society  and  the  external  environment, correctly comprehends the laws and rules related to their work and  acts  accordingly.  Additionally, we must clearly explain important information and provide products and  services that are suitable for our customers.  While honing our individual expertise, let us also refine our sensitivity and responsiveness  to understand  and meet our customers' needs.  １ - ２  Ensuring Quality

11  We aim to meet the diverse needs of our customers worldwide, and to provide services  that lead transformation and  exceed their expectations through the highest standards  of  professionalism, by leveraging our global network and the consolidated strengths  of the entire Group.  １  Improving Expertise  and Agility  ⚫  To  provide  our  customers  with  the  best  possible  and  innovative  products  and  services  swiftly , every one of us  should  work to improve our professional knowledge  and expertise  along with agility .  ２  Leveraging the Consolidated Strengths of MUFG  ⚫  From  our customers ’ perspective , MUFG is a single  organization .  W e  should aim  to  provide services that exceed customer expectations by bringing our strengths and  capabilities together and acting as an integrated group.  ３  Using Our Global Network  ⚫  We  should  use MUFG ’ s global network to provide outstanding products and services  that are truly  world - class .  What is required in  times of change ?  It is said to be a n era  of rapid change.  C hange  is  both a risk  as well as  a n opportunity for  the  business.  In times of  fast - moving environment ,  if you are  too  caught up in past practice  or  legacy process ,  it may not always be clear to  you  what the end state will be and this can make  it challenging to know how best to react. In such times,  go back and look to ou r selves  and the  purpose of  MUFG  G roup. You should be able to see the direction  you need to proceed .  It is essential to respond swiftly and flexibly to changes in order to continue to  gain  trust  and  confidence  of our customers  we have built .  １ - ３  Exceeding Customer Expectations

12  Chapter 2.  Responsibility as a Corporate  Citizen  As we develop our business globally, we comply with all the domestic and international  laws and rules that may apply.  We do all we can to maintain stability and confidence in the global financial system,  and  we  contribute to the sound and healthy growth of society.  Aware of the responsibility  and accountability  each of us has as a member of MUFG,  we carry out fair and transparent corporate activities with honesty and integrity,  in a manner that supports and str engthens the trust and  confidence MUFG has earned from society  over many years.

13  In addition to adhering strictly to all domestic and international laws , regulations  and  rules, we strive to do the right thing based on our strict code of ethics.  Violations of laws or rules damage the vital social infrastructure of the financial system  and lead to a loss of trust in MUFG. We strictly abide by all laws and rules  relating to  our business, including the following areas:  １  Prohibition of Insider Trading  ⚫  Insider  trading is illegal in many countries and is strictly regulated, regardless of the  amount of money involved.  We must not engage in any activity which is or could be  perceived to be insider trading.  ⚫  We manage material information rigorously and have no involvement in activities  that use material nonpublic information to gain illegal profits.  ２  Ban on Unfair Tra ding Practices  ⚫  As a participant in a fair, transparent, and free competitive market, we  must  not  have  involvement  with unfair trading practices (including cartels, abuse of dominant  position, and market manipulation).  ⚫  We abide strictly with all the laws and rules  (including all local tax and compliance  requirements)  in place to protect fair trading, including firewal l regulations  and the  arm’s length rule in  the  case of intercompany transactions between MUFG entities .  ３  Prohibition of  I nappropriate  Gifts and  Hospitality  ⚫  C omply ing  with  the  Global Gifts  &  Hospitality  Procedure ,  we  exercise good judgment  and  fair dealing to  ensure that the giving or receiving of gifts and hospitality  with  third parties (e.g., clients, vendors)  is:  ➢  For a legitimate business purpose  (not to improperly influence business judgment)  ➢  Reasonable based on th e facts and circumstances (not lavish or too frequent)  ４  Accurate Recording and  Appropriate Disclosure  ⚫  We  must  ensure  our business activities  (including communication records) ,  as well  as  financial  information,  are  accurately  recorded  and  properly  maintained  and  managed .  ⚫  To ensure that MUFG is properly understood and evaluated in the wider society, it is  incumbent on us to ensure that company information is disclosed in a timely and  appropriate manner, including financial reports. Concealme nt or nondisclosure of  information damages our trust and reputation. We  will not be  involved in any  inaccurate or inappropriate disclosure of information, or in any attempt to conceal  information.  ２ - １  Adherence to Laws and Rules

14  We have zero tolerance for  supporting or facilitating  financial crime or any attempt to  circumvent the rules and procedures aimed at preventing financial crime. We take all  reasonable steps possible to prevent our prod ucts and services  from  being used by  individuals  or  entities  involved  in  illegal  or  improper  activities  such  as  money  laundering and terrorist financing.  １  Preventing F inancial  C rimes and  Misuse  of  F inancial  S ervices  ⚫  We remain alert to the possibility that the financial services provided by MUFG on a  global basis may be misused to  facilitate financial crimes  as  per  below, and do  everything  in  our  power  to  prevent  illicit  activities  involving  our  products  and  services  s uch as;  ➢  Attempted or  a ctual  m oney laundering  /  t errorist  f inancing  ➢  Violations of  economic sanctions  ➢  Participation in or promotion of bribery and corruption  ➢  Facilitation of  tax evasion  ➢  Fraud , which is  defined generally as any action through which an individual or  entity internationally attempts to secure an unfair or unlawful gain.  ２  Anti - Bribery and Corruption(“ABC”)  ⚫  We  adhere  to the  highest  standards  of  ethical  conduct  and  are  committed  to  preventing bribery and c o rr u ption . In  particular, we prohibit:  ➢  Offering or  giving  anything of value 1  to anyone, directly or indirectly, if it is  intended or it appears as intended t o improperly obtain or retain business  advantages  ➢  Soliciting or accepting anything of value from anyone, directly or indirectly, if it  influences or could appear to influence decisions on behalf of MUFG  ➢  Falsifying or concealing any books, records  accounts or other information in  connection with MUFG ‘ s  business.  ⚫  We comply with ABC  p olicy requirements that apply to certain activities (e.g., gifts  and hospitality, hiring, engagement of intermediaries, donations), especially when  they involve public of ficials.  1  Anything of value for the purpose of this section will have the definition in the Global ABC Policy.  ２ - ２  Prevention of Financial Crime

15  ３  No Relationships with Criminal Elements  ⚫  All relationships with any  known  criminal elements are strictly forbidden.  W e  work  closely with the police, legal counsel, and other relevant external organizations to  protect the safety of all our  colleagues .  Learning from  failures  Corporate  scandals  are reported  daily in various media, and we must not think that "they  have nothing to do with us." In fact, scandals have occurred within MUFG as well.  W hen  a  failure  occurs,  w e  must  analyze  the  root  cause ,  implement  recurrence  prevention  measures, and ensure  these measures are thoroughly enforced.  Furthermore, it is crucial to deeply understand the essence and purpose of matters and to  maintain a healthy skepticism, asking ourselves, "are we truly adhering to the basic rules  we thought we were following?"  If y ou have any doubts, do not keep them to yourself —  please speak up.  By  humbly  learning  from  the  failures  of  others  and  our  own,  by  each  individual  demonstrating  risk  ownership  and  by  continuously  working  on  improvements  and  corrections  as  a  team,  we  can  prev ent  inappropriate  incidents  and  scandals  from  occurring.

16  We respect the history, cultures, and customs of different countries and regions  around the world, and work to contribute to the development of  diverse  communities  and the protection of the environment through our corporate activities and the social  volunteer efforts of our  colleagues .  １  Giving Back to Communities  ⚫  As good corporate citizen s , MUFG  is  proactively engaged with local communities and  contributes to their development  while striving to respect human rights .  ⚫  As members of regional communities and the global community, we volunteer  actively to take part in activities that make a meaningful co ntribution to society.  ２  Commitment to the Environment  ⚫  We work to minimize the environmental impact of our corporate activities, as well  as striv e  to develop and supply products and services that contribute to  addressing  climate change,  environmental conservation  and protection, thus contributing to  making a sustainable society a reality.  Addressing environmental and social issues  You  m ay  have heard  recent  industry  buzzwords  such as  "SDGs", "ESG", " C limate change  and  C arbon neutrality", " Biodiversity "  and “Human Rights  Protection and Respect”  on the  daily  news.  MUFG is working  hard  to realize a  sustainable future society  through the provision of  financial products  and services ,  our corporate activities  and social contribution activities,  starting with  p riority  i ssues  which include  Achievement of carbon neutral society and  Respect for human righ ts .  Along with  society’s  increasing  interest in sustainability,  it looks  toward  organi z ations like  MUFG  to lead the way, so it  is important  for  all of us  to  cons ider  how  we  can contribute to  customers and society, and take action  where we can,  no matter how small  it  may seem.  Small daily actions create the biggest change.  ２ - ３  Contributing to Society

17  Chapter 3.  Behaviors in the Work space  We strive to respond and adapt promptly to the diversifying and evolving needs of our  customers and the rapidly changing environment in which we work.  The working environment at MUFG fosters mutual respect, enables individuals to make  the most of their abilities as professionals, and maximizes the power of teamwork  across regions and different areas of business, encouraging all  colleagues  t o embrace  new  challenges.  We  always work  to protect and maintain the tangible  and intangible assets and  property that MUFG has accumulated.

18  We maximize the power of teamwork  and  take advantage of  the changing business  environment  as  opportunit ies  to embrace new challenges in new fields.  While we strive  to  enhance our knowledge, expertise, and  potential ,  each of us will  think, decide and  act for oneself and do so swiftly in order to lead transforma tion .  １  Personal Growth  ⚫  To provide the best possible prod u cts and services for our customers to meet  the ir  evolving  needs,  we  strive  to  think  proactively,  act  agilely  and  grow  professionally .  ⚫  We endeavor to improve our individual skills, abilities, and potential, through our  work and by  conducting  training and educational opportunities both inside and  outside of MUFG. We proactively support the efforts of all MUFG  colleagues  toward personal gro wth.  ２  Teamwork  ⚫  We share  info rmation, skills, and expertise within MUFG and continue to be  committed to maximizing the power of teamwork in pursuit of our business.  ３  Openness to New Challenges  ⚫  Monitoring developments in society and changes  in the business environment ,  we embrace new challenges in the belief that change represents opportunity.  We positively  support  and evaluate  colleagues  who actively take on challenges .  Taking  A ction  No  matter how good  your thought  process and intention is , if you don't actually take action,  nothing  changes .  It does  n o t matter  if  the action you take  is  relatively small . The accumulation of  your  actions  with  the right intentions will lead to  challenge , change  and improvement  of the  organization .  Have you ever noticed a problem but did nothing  about it because you had no instruction  from your manager, or because you didn’t believe it was the responsibility of you or your  team ?  In today's rapidl y changing environment ,  where  speed is important, the actions of all  colleagues are more important than ever .  Let’s  think, decide and act for oneself  and do so  swiftly .  ３ - １  Challenge  and Agility

19  W e  value and  respect the human rights and diversity of all MUFG  colleagues . We do  not engage in or tolerate any form of discrimination or harassment or any other  behavior that infringes these beliefs.  １  Diversity, Equity and  Inclusion  (DEI)  ⚫  In  MUFG  G roup,  employees  of  diverse  race s ,  national ities ,  birthplace s ,  belief s ,  religion s ,  gender s , sexual orientation s , gender identit ies ,  gender expressions,  age s ,  disabilit ies ,  health conditions work, and any  other dimensions in over 50 countries  worldwide .  ⚫  Diversity is  an  essential element for MUFG’s sustainable growth. A diverse group of  colleague s  results in broader ideas and a more rewarding work experience.  ⚫  We remain inclusive and  respect diversi fied  values  of all employees .  W e do not  tolerate discrimination,  human rights violations or  harassment, and provide  fair  employment opportunit ies .  ２  Healthy and Open Working Environment  ⚫  We  realize a “healthy” an d  “open” work environment  in which  colleague s  engage  w ith one another with sincerity and honesty, regardless of position, helping and  respecting  one  an other , and are conscio u s of physi cal  health  a nd psychological safety .  ３  Prohibition of  Harassment  ⚫  Harassment undermines the dignity of the recipient and seriously damages the  operations  of the organization. We do not commit or tolerate sexual harassment,  power harassment  (as may be described in the laws of some countries) , or  any  other threatening or hostile behavior,  “internally and externally” .  Building on our diverse  foundation  We believe that the diversity of each individual  allows us to perform at our best when all  employees recognize, respect, and uplift one another, while being provided with fair and  equal opportunities.  Diversity, Equity & Inclusion is an imperative for MUFG Group to continue providing value  to society an d our customers, and to achieve sustainable growth and development.  ３ - ２  Inclusive  and  Respectful  Working Environment  MUFG Group sustainable growth and development  Diversity  Equity  Inclusion  Everyone is provided with fair  opportunities and support.  Everyone is  acknowledged,  empowered, and mutually enhanced.  Ensure a diverse composition of  employees across various elements of  difference and invite diverse perspectives

20  We protect the tangible and intangible assets and property of MUFG and individual  G roup entities and do not tolerate any behavior that might damage these assets.  ⚫  We all use corporate assets for legitimate company business and safeguard them against  cyber - related risk, unauthorized access, theft, loss, waste, or abuse. Subject to company  policies and applicable law, MUFG may inspect and monitor all use of MUFG technology,  facilities, and other assets.  ⚫  We protect  t he confidentiality, security  and privacy of information of our  colleagues  and  third parties  and  use  and process information only for necessary business processes reason s  and within necessary  area s  in an authorized and secure manner .  ⚫  We  do not improperly bring trades secrets from prev ious jobs, nor do we take internal  information out for improper purposes.  Strict handling of customer information is required  At MUFG we handle a large amount of confidential information, including information about  customers and about  MUFG .  These information assets (intangible assets) must be treated  in the same  way as tangible assets such as customer’s cash .  Some  of  this  information  may  be  particularly  sensitive  (e.g.  Material  Non - Public  Information, also known as Inside information) and subject to strict laws and regulations  on handling and sharing the information.  When handling customer information, it is  essential  not only to follow  policy,  procedures and  rules, bu t also to follow the "Need to Know Principle" and properly communicate the  appropriate information to the appropriate people.  This  helps us  to  ensure we  protect important customer information.  ３ - ３  Protecting MUFG’s Assets and Property

21  If you become aware of conduct that contravenes the law, company  regulations,  the  provisions of this Code of Conduct, or any other problem  situations, you  must  promptly  report the matter and seek  advice from a supervisor ,  h uman  r esources ,  c ompliance  o fficer  or issue a report via  Compliance Helpline arrangements made available by  MUFG .  ⚫  We  recognize that it is the responsibility of employees to “Speak up” about problematic  incidents.  If you suspect there is any problem within the company, you  must  promptly  report the matter to an appropriate person, for example a supervisor or senior manager , or  you  must  use the various  compliance helpline  arrangements in place across the Group or  othe r means available locally .  ⚫  Whether the  compliance helpline  reporting channels  are  u tilized  or not, the person who  receives the report or information about any problem will treat it in the strictest  confidence  and MUFG is committed to ensuring that reportin g  colleague s  do not suffer retaliation or  other negative consequences.  ⚫  Reports  of  suspected  violations  made  in  good  faith,  including  those  made  to  law  enforcement or a governmental agency, will not  be  subject  to any adverse action based  on such reporting .  The MUFG Group Compliance Help l ine /  Contact information for each region  Nishimura & Asahi (Attention: MUFG Group Compliance Helpline)  (Address)  Otemon Tower, 1 - 1 - 2 Otemachi, Chiyoda - ku, Tokyo , Japan  100 - 8124  (Email Address)  mufgwhistleblow@nishimura.com  ※ Please note that the MUFG Group Compliance Help l ine may not be available in some  countries or regions, for example,  due  to data protection law s .  Please refer to  your local  Compliance Helpline  Policy for details of the escalation routes available to you .  MUFG Audit Committee  (Address)  1 - 4 - 5 ,  Marunouchi,  Chiyoda - ku,  Tokyo , Japan  100 - 83 30  ( Email Address)  mufg - group - helpline_kansaiinkai_PF@mufg.jp  ※ MUFG Audit Committee  will  contact you through an external law office.  Asia  For MUFG Bank offices please see:  www.MUFGAPACIntegrityLine.com  Americas  www.MUFGAmericasIntegrityLine.com  EMEA  For MUFG Bank and MUFG Securities offices please see the Whistleblowing  Page  on Kizuna:  Whistleblowing  -  KIZUNA (kizunamufg.com)  Speak Up  In  line with  company policies and the Code of Conduct, if you have concerns or questions  immediately report it to your supervisor or Compliance Officer or contact the  Compliance  Helpline .  Do not avoid reporting just because you think the matter is small or that maybe  you are mistaken.  Maintaining a healthy awareness of potential issues on a daily basis and speaking up  without hesitation when something seems wrong can help prevent problems  and lead to  early self - correction and improvement. Reporting or whistleblowing will not result in any  retaliation or other disadvantages for you. The pursuit of whistleblowers is prohibited by  internal regulations of each en tity , and any violations will b e subject to disciplinary action.  MUFG will not permit any negative consequences or retaliation for staff making reports in  good  faith.  M anagement  is  responsible  for  ensuring  all  reports  are  appropriately  investigated.  ３ - ４  Reporting Problem Situations and Seeking Advice

Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group,Inc .  Global  Compliance Division ,  Corporate Planning Division  April . 202 5


</Finance_Japan_MUFG Group_2025.pdf>