This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Finance_Japan_Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Group_2025.pdf>

[April 2025 Edition]  Our Standards of Conduct

Our Standards of Conduct  Our Standards of Conduct, which is based on the four pillars of our clients, ourselves (employees), society, and shareholders, guides us in translating the values we hold dear into concrete actions.  For Our Clients 7  35  For Our Shareholders  For Our People 15  For Our Society 25  01  Delivering the products and services in our client’s best interest  ..............................  08  02  Proper conflicts of interest management  ....  09  03  Proper handling of client information  ..........  10  04  Expanding access to financial services  .....  11  05  Seeking enhanced operational quality  ......  12  06  Leveraging feedback from clients  .............  13  07  Fostering a healthy risk culture ..................  16  08  Fair and transparent decision making  .......  17  09  Building up expertise  ..................................  18  10  Challenge for growth  ..................................  19  11  Better health and diverse working styles .................................  20  12  Promoting our group-wide capabilities  ....  21  13  Teamwork  .....................................................  22  14  Free and open discussions  .........................  23  23  Proper disclosure and engagement  ..........  36  24  Protection of company assets  ....................  37  25  Balancing the development of both social and economic values  ...................................  38  15  Compliance with laws and regulations ......  26  16  Respecting human rights  ............................  27  17  Ensuring fair transactions  ...........................  28  18  Sound relationships with stakeholders  .....  29  19  Countering criminal anti-social forces and financial crime  ..............................................  30  20  Sustainable and stable development of financial and capital markets  ......................  31  21  Solving social and environmental issues  .......................................................................  32  22  Contributing to regional society  ................  33  2

Since its foundation, Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Group has made every effort to realize client’s expectation entrusted to us. What we are today is based on our efforts to sincerely pursue the best interests of our clients. Foundation of these histories is a fiduciary from our clients. Creating new value through a high degree of expertise for a fiduciary from our clients. Then, this improves our clients’ and society’s well-being and fosters a virtuous cycle for our pride and reward. This is our Group’s target state. “Our Standards of Conduct” is a document aimed at transforming our cherished values into guidelines for our daily conduct. This document provides the fundamental standards for conducting appropriately, so you can refer to them when making difficult decisions. You are also expected to discuss with your colleagues if you become aware of reportable activity. If you still cannot solve the situation, please consult with appropriate reporting function. Our Group respects employees who speak up and acts sincerely. Let’s creating new value with the power of trusts and letting prosperous future for our clients, society and us bloom. Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Group, Inc. Director, President  Toru Takakura  Realizing SuMi TRUST Vision  3

What are “Our Standards of Conduct”?  “Our Standards of Conduct” represent a guidance document for our employees that aims at transforming our cherished values, represented by Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Group’s “Purpose”, “Mission”, “Vision”, and “Value”, into guidelines for daily conduct. *  ‘Employees’, in the context of “Our Standards of Conduct”, means all directors, officers, and employees of Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Group. This document provides the fundamental standards for appropriate conduct, so please refer to it if you are experiencing difficulty in making a decision. By doing the right thing, each and every one of us will fulfill our respon- sibilities and add new value to Our Group.  Our Appropriate Conduct  Management Principles (“Mission”)  —Towards “The Trust Bank”—  Ideal Model (“Vision”)  Codes of Conduct (“Value”)  Reason for Existence (“Purpose”) — Trust for a flourishing future —  Our Standards of Conduct Demonstrating our values through our conduct 4 Our Standards Introduction

When in doubt while making a decision  Employee Responsibilities  Our Standards of Conduct will not necessarily capture all of the scenarios you are going to come across in your role. When you are unable to decide how to best conduct yourself, you are required to act with integrity. In addition, please consider the following questions and whether the answer to any of them would be “NO”. If you still cannot reach a decision, please consult with your manager and/or compliance officer(s).  Employees  shall be responsible for:  Having a good understanding of, and conducting themselves in line with, Our Standards of Conduct  Consulting with their managers and/or compliance officer(s) when they become aware of a possible breach of the Group’s internal rules or laws and regulations, or if they have any concerns or questions.  Those  employees in management positions  shall be responsible for:  Proactively conducting themselves in an exemplary manner, so as to promote Our Standards of Conduct  Encouraging and rewarding behavior that is compliant with Our Standards of Conduct, while embedding the Standards into the organization  Identifying and addressing any factors that may prevent the effective imple- mentation of Our Standards of Conduct within the organization  Fostering an environment in which employees can easily consult with man- agement and management responds to employees’ concerns sincerely  Consulting with relevant Compliance functions when addressing challenging matters raised by employees. In addition, to notify of employees about con- tacts for consultation other than the subject manager.  Providing guidance to employees based on their unique character and the qualities they bring to the organization.  Is the conduct in line with the spirit and letter of the Company’s internal rules, or laws and regulations? Is the conduct in good faith? Are you comfortable defending, and being held accountable for, this conduct in the future? Does the conduct cultivate trust in our Group and does it reinforce our reputation? Does the conduct promote sound financial and capital markets? Does the conduct achieve the clients’ objectives and address their needs? PLUS1: ~ The “3up” Initiative for a Better Workplace ~  Managers and colleagues should proactively listen up (Listen Up), follow up on any necessary improvements in the work environment (Follow Up) and speak up on any issues and concerns (Speak Up).  Managers should especially ensure that they Listen Up and Follow Up.  5 Our Standards Introduction

In case of a breach of Our Standards of Conduct  If you betray the trust of our customers or of the market, by violating Our Standards of Conduct, and damage our Group’s trust and reputation, you may be subject to a negative performance review and/or disciplinary action. Regardless of your role and function in our Group, if you become aware of a possible breach of either Our Standards of Conduct, of our internal rules, or of laws and regulations, do not ignore it but rather escalate to one or more of the following: All employees have a duty to report potential violations of Our Standards of Conduct. Failure to report such violations may result in disciplinary action. In addition, employee conduct may require reporting to regulatory authorities. Depending upon the outcome of the investigation(s) tied to such reporting, you may be subject to fine(s) or disqualification in your relevant industry.  Our Group’s Compliance Hotline What is our Group’s Compliance Hotline?  It is an effective tool aimed at identifying wrongdoing at an early stage, and it provides our Group’s directors, officers, and employees another option to report any matters of concern, such as potential illegality or other inappropriate conduct, in addition to the established reporting lines. You can securely report via either our internal reporting system (e.g., managers/ supervisors) or external reporting system (e.g., Group’s Compliance Hotline).  Is it really a secure and confidential reporting system?  Yes. Under a whistleblower protection act in Japan (the “Act”), persons operating the Compliance Hotline have a duty of confidentiality and whistleblowers may remain anonymous. The Act also implements a framework for protecting whistleblowers, including a prohibition on retaliatory treatment against whistleblowers and imposition of penalties against violations of such framework. Thus, you can use the reporting system without fear of reprisal.  Is it appropriate to make a report if you are uncertain as to whether there is a violation of Our Standards of Conduct or of other rules/laws/regulations?  Yes. Please do not hesitate to make a report if you have a good faith concern or suspect a potential violation of Our Standards of Conduct or other violations. The Group will conduct the necessary information gathering. We will review any reported matter fairly and thoroughly, while protecting the whistleblower in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations.  Q Q A A Q A  Group’s (and/or your Office’s) Compliance Hotline Compliance Function at Each Group Company Your Managers/ Compliance Officers 6 Our Standards Introduction

For Our Clients  As employees of a trust group, we thoroughly carry out client-oriented business operations and work to protect the interests and rights of our clients in the spirit of a fiduciary trusted by clients. We will continue to provide total solutions that increase our clients’ satisfaction and confidence in us, by constantly revisiting “Is this in the client’s interest?” and updating our practices accordingly.  7 Our Standards Introduction

01  Our group was originally founded as a trust bank and we have passed down the fiduciary spirit through generations as a vital part of the trust system. The fiduciary spirit consists of the mindset of the trustee to fulfill their responsibility and to act faithfully on behalf of clients(beneficiaries) with the due care of a prudent manager. All of us, including employees involved in aspects of the business that are not directly related to our clients or that are not related to the trust system, need to exercise our fiduciary spirit to realize the goals entrusted to us by our clients. Clients’ best interests are fulfilled by achieving their objectives and solving their problems. In order to do this, we need to understand the clients’ transaction objectives, the issues they are facing, and their background (knowledge, experience, financial situation, etc.), and provide them with easy-to-understand explanations of the products and services that are most suitable. In addition, it is necessary for the client to fully understand and accept not only the benefits of our products and services, but also the risks and costs.  What is the fiduciary spirit? For delivering the best interests of our clients  We will, as a member of a trust group which has cultivated a fiduciary spirit throughout its history, make our clients our top priority by providing the best-in-class products and services meeting their needs with simple and clear explanations of our products and services. Delivering the products and services in our client’s best interest  8 Our Standards Introduction

02  In general, conflicts of interest are actions that benefit one party and at the same time are, or may be, detrimental to another party. The Group offers a wide range of products and services, and in order to prevent clients’ interests from being unduly harmed, trans- actions that may constitute conflicts of interest are managed in a prescribed manner.  [Examples of conflicts of interest management]  When a SuMi TRUST Group company is selected as the counterparty for a foreign exchange transaction carried out in the course of managing a trust property entrusted to us by a client (a transaction between a trust account and a bank account), we ensure fair transaction conditions by disclosing material facts about the transaction to the client and obtaining their prior approval.  In the event that we act as an advisor to both the seller and buyer of an M&A transac- tion, we explain the situation to both parties before working on the transaction or, in some cases, decline to enter into an advisory engagement with them.  What are conflicts of interest? Examples of appropriate management of conflicts of interest  We will ensure that the interests of our clients shall not be unduly impaired by identifying and managing potential conflicts of interest in every business process and transaction. Proper conflicts of interest management  9 Our Standards Introduction

03  Information systems and the Internet are now indispensable for corporate activities, but we must not forget that behind this convenience lies the risk of data breaches and the unauthorized spread of information. The number of data breaches is increasing, and clients are becoming increasingly anxious. Protecting client information is a critical responsibility that is significant client trust.  [Examples of behaviors that should be avoided]  Sharing client information with those who do not need to know for business purposes such as colleagues, supervisors, other departments, etc.  Bringing up client information when talking with family, friends, acquaintances, etc. outside the Company  Responding to inquiries from (people who claim to be) clients without verifying their identity  Leaving documents containing client information on one’s desk, etc., or storing data in a location other than a dedicated folder  Taking client information outside the Company without following the necessary procedures  Mistakenly transmitting client information to the wrong client  Why information management is required Protecting client information  We will collect information from our clients where necessary in accordance with the prescribed rules and use it only for purposes for which the client has given their consent. We will also strictly control client information to prevent information leakages or improper provisions of client information to third parties. Proper handling of client information  10 Our Standards Introduction

04  Financial inclusion is defined as “individuals and businesses having access to useful and affordable financial products and services that meet their needs – transactions, pay- ments, savings, credit and insurance – delivered in a responsible and sustainable way” (World Bank). The number of clients who have difficulty accessing financial services is increasing as society ages and more people fall into poverty. The Group is promoting the deployment of systems to deliver financial services appropriately to clients who have difficulty accessing financial services.  [Examples of initiatives to promote financial inclusion]  The Group is carrying out the following initiatives.  Announcement of “Dementia Barrier-Free Declaration,” our initiative to improve our ability to serve clients with dementia and to provide consulting services that draw on our expertise.  Publication of a digest report for seniors including high-quality voice assistant functionality  Provision of free financial education teaching materials in preparation for when financial education becomes compulsory in high schools  Our views on financial inclusion Examples of initiatives to achieve financial inclusion  We will recognize the issues faced by clients having difficulties in accessing financial services and will make every effort to expand our support and propose solutions. Expanding access to financial services  11 Our Standards Introduction

05  High operational quality is the foundation of trust from clients which is the very source of strength of a trust group. We must strive to improve and advance operational quality to meet, and exceed, the expectations of our stakeholders. When mistakes or failures occur, it is important to capitalize on the lessons learned by accurately analyzing the cause and improving business processes and management systems accordingly. In order to improve operational quality, it is important to enhance risk management and streamline business processes by looking at the entire business process from end-to-end and making the flow of operations transparent. We need to continue these activities and establish PDCA cycles to autonomously improve operational quality.  [Stakeholder]  The term “stakeholder” describes everyone affected by the Group's corporate activities, including customers, business partners, shareholders/investors, employees, communities (local communities, NPOs), and the public sector (government agencies, international organizations). In a broad sense, it includes not only organizations and people, but also the economy, society, and the global environment, which are indirectly affected by our corporate activities.  Learning from past mistakes Activities to enhance operational quality We will always seek enhanced operational quality, while keeping the significance and objective of our each business operations in mind, through leveraging past experiences and continuously improving business processes and controls. Seeking enhanced operational quality  12 Our Standards Introduction

06  In order to constantly improve our operations and satisfy our clients’ needs, we must take their feedback and opinions seriously. The Group receives hundreds of thousands of client comments annually by way of our ‘Voice of Customers’ Questionnaires and via other channels. We also utilize the CS Voice of Customers Portal, an analysis system, to have more visibility into our clients’ feedback, allowing us to better recognize their needs and work towards improving our products and services accordingly.  [Improving the client experience at our business spaces]  Installed hazard maps, luggage racks, loaner umbrellas, etc.  Installed children’s rooms, priority spaces for strollers and wheelchairs, and access ramps  [Improving products and services]  SuMi TRUST Bank responded to clients’ requests for more electronic/internet-based communications, by implementing electronic documents (PDF) for various notifications, including account statements, which were previously delivered by mail.  Introduction of a system to collect and analyze client feedback Examples of improvements based on client feedback We will proactively improve our products and services by continually gaining fresh perspectives through client feedback. Leveraging feedback from clients  13 Our Standards Introduction

Our Thoughts  Our (Employees’) Thoughts  Clients often ask us to “act quickly.” I once asked a client who told me to “act quickly” to confirm the transaction details again, because I had a feeling the transaction was not in line with the client’s intention. The client insisted “do it quickly!” in a strong tone, but when I went over the transaction details again, the client saw a discrepancy and thanked me for pointing it out. Since then, without neglecting speed, I always keep an eye on the consistency of the transaction details. In the course of our business, there are instances where the Group is involved in product arrangements in more than one capacity, but we always try to conduct our business with an awareness of any conflicts of interest. I think it’s important to always think from the client’s point of view: how would the client feel if they knew about this? I try not to do anything that makes me feel uneasy when viewed from the client’s point of view.  [01. Provision of products and services that are in the client’s best interests]  [02. Appropriate management of conflicts of interest] Even if they say “quickly”  How would the client feel if they knew?  In response to client feedback that the window openings on our mailing envelopes were made of eco-unfriendly plastic, and that the envelopes were prone to water damage, we switched to water-resistant paper envelopes that are non-toxic when burned. When I look at client requests and employee sugges- tions, I often think, “why I didn’t think of that?” and take action as quickly as possible.  [06. Proactive use of client feedback] Improving the quality of our envelopes  I feel that our operations are gradually becoming increasingly systemized, making my daily work more accurate and efficient. Even for routine tasks, we’re asking “how can this be systematized?” When there’s a mistake, we not only revise the manual, but also discuss whether we can systematize the process from the beginning, which makes for a better working environment.  [05. Improvement of operational quality] Systematization of operations  I had the opportunity to give a lecture on finance to several junior high school students. It was a self-directed class with no textbook that covered topics like how to increase your money. Later, I was happy to learn that it was relatively well received. I do my job with the idea that it would be great if I could provide services that help people outside of financial institutions better understand finance.  [04. Dissemination of financial services] Lecture on finance for junior high school students 14 Our Standards Introduction

For Our People  We approach our work with a spirit of self-help and autonomy and a strong sense of ownership. In addition, we will build an organization in which the diversity and creativity of each individual can be leveraged by enhancing individual capabilities and by mutual trust and respect.  15 Our Standards Introduction

We are always exposed to some form of risk. These risks range from simple mistakes in document completion due to carelessness, to investment failures caused by sudden changes in market conditions. For our Group to achieve sustainable growth, it is necessary to take risks within acceptable limits and take on challenges, such as launching new products and services or making new types of investments and loans. The experience and knowledge gained from taking risks are the sources of our growth. For taking risks properly, we should also consider the potential impact to our stake- holders for a robust risk control. Therefore, it is important for each of us to understand the risks we face as stakeholders. By correctly understanding the risks, we can prepare for adverse situations in advance, avoid those risks that must never be accepted (such as violations of laws and regulations, actions that damage the trust and reputation of our Group), and prevent taking on risks that do not match the returns. Additionally, this understanding helps us avoid excessive management burdens that are caused by overreacting to risks. We cannot eliminate risks entirely. Therefore, let's make the coexistence of risk-tak- ing and risk management, in other words, living with risks, the source of our growth. A sound risk culture refers to the aspects of corporate culture (the underlying thoughts and behaviors that permeate the organization) that particularly relate to the principles and behaviors aimed at risk-taking and risk management that our company strives for. A sound risk culture thrives when each employee is mindful of balancing risk-taking with risk management, and when employees support one another in maintaining this balance.  The coexistence of risk-taking and risk management What is a sound risk culture?  As risk owners, we will manage risks appropriately based on their nature and ensure that each individual takes actions that can be accountable to our stakeholders. Fostering a healthy risk culture  07  16 Our Standards Introduction

08  We must act to maintain Our actions must preserve the transparency and fairness of the Group’s corporate activities. Stakeholders expect the Group to conduct its business activities fairly, without unduly favoring specific people or organizations (for example, we offer the same terms and conditions to customers in the same financial situation). Any doubt about fairness undermines the trust of stakeholders. To meet this expectation, it is necessary to avoid easy quick judgments based on sentiments and acquaintanceship, and instead to rationally consider and make judgments decisions in accordance with the rules and procedures established by each Group company. And in order for clients to trust that we carry out business activities fairly to be trusted to carry out fair business activities, we must strive to ensure transparency. so that The actual status of the Group’s corporate activities, including both positive and negative good and bad information, is must be available and apparent to the relevant internal and external parties maximally visible both internally and externally. To ensure fairness, our decision-making processes and results must be documented and retained for the period of time set out in our in-house rules. Without accurate records, it would be impossible to verify, both internally and externally, whether our decisions are fair, which could undermine the transparency of the Group’s activities.  Why transparency and impartiality are required Documenting processes and results  We will make decisions in accordance with the prescribed rules without seeking private interests with understanding that mixing public and private matters impedes fair decision making. Fair and transparent decision making  17 Our Standards Introduction

09  In an era of dramatic change, the needs of both individual and corporate clients are becoming increasingly diverse. In addition, the problems facing modern society are intertwined in a complex way and are no longer easy to solve. As a trust group, in order to continue to meet the expectations of our clients and society, each and every one of us working across a wide range of business settings must acquire the necessary skills as professionals in our respective fields. As employees of a trust group, we must continue to accumulate knowledge and experience without complacency or compromise.  Our knowledge and experience that meets client expectations  We will develop our capabilities without being complacent about the status quo and aim to improve our expertise as the best in class professionals in our respective areas. Building up expertise  18 Our Standards Introduction

10  A distinctive characteristic of the Group is our the accumulation collection of chal- lenges that our clients and society have faced in each era to which we have provided solutions, which we have addressed and solved by meeting each challenge head-on the challenges faced by our clients and society in each era. As stated in the SuMi TRUST Group Human Resources Development Policy, the Group encourages each employee to take on small challenges on a daily basis. Taking on new tasks and challenges that are beyond your current capabilities is what leads to growth. Taking on challenges requires a feeling of not being afraid of failure. We aim to create a workplace that respects courageous effort, where you can build a fulfilling career with a sense of personal growth.  [The SuMi TRUST Group Human Resources Development Policy] T alent  ................. Talent (individuality) can blossom  R espect  .............. Respect each individual  U niqueness  ........ Develop true professionals  S upport  .............. Make mutual Teaching and supporting each other is our motto  T ry  ....................... Praise small, daily challenges  Feeling unafraid of failure  We will foster a workplace where employees are encouraged to strive for personal growth and challenge themselves to further develop a career. Challenge for growth  19 Our Standards Introduction

11  Our Group will promote employees’ well-being and aim to create an environment where i) we are physically and mentally healthy, ii) we feel common understanding of our Group’s Purpose, iii) we foster a good relationship respecting diversity an iv) we can pursue a joy of work through each one’s own value or professional strength. Let’s accelerate a good circulation creating our happiness (Well-being) and realize our Group’s Purpose with our professional satisfaction and pride.  Promoting Well-being  We aim to create a workplace where we can pursue a joy for work (well-being) through respecting each other’s physical and mental health and realizing a variety of ways of working. Better health and diverse working styles  Under the Health Management Declaration, the Group is developing a variety of initiatives including overtime reduction, flextime, work from home arrangements, and satellite office work, as well as conducting surveys and seminars for mental health, in addition to the annual health examinations.  [Health Management Declaration]  1.  Support for health promotion through health investment measures 2.  Achieve diverse work styles and work-life balance 3.  Provide opportunities for employees to work and grow in a rewarding environment  Achieving diverse ways of working 20 Our Standards Introduction

12  The SuMi TRUST Group offers its clients optimal total solutions by leveraging its comprehensive capabilities that integrate diverse functions, as well as the mutual collaboration among the many companies in the Group that specialize in banking, asset management and administration, real estate, and various other fields. (For example, in addition to providing investment products to regional financial institutions in Japan, we are also engaged in real estate and will-related business collaboration through contracted trust agencies.)  Provision of the Group’s diverse functions  We will develop an organization with trust and creativity through sharing our enthusiasm and encouraging healthy competition with each other, and deliver comprehensive group-wide capabilities through our unique network as a trust group. Promoting our group-wide capabilities  In order to demonstrate comprehensive capabilities, in addition to your own depart- ment, you need to know in advance the work being carried out by other departments and Group companies and the products and services they offer. You are expected to expand your interest beyond your own responsibilities, and to be able to cooperate with other departments and Group companies in a timely manner to meet client needs.  Demonstrating comprehensive capabilities 21 Our Standards Introduction

13  Teamwork means collaboration or cooperation between members of the same team to achieve the same goal. The point of teamwork is to maximize the strength of a team by utilizing each individual’s strengths and complementing each other’s weaknesses. A workplace with good teamwork is more satisfying for its members and allows them to achieve even bigger goals that cannot be achieved alone.  Maximizing our strength as a team  We will work as a team through lively discussion and mutual interaction to share common goals while respecting each other’s personalities. Teamwork  In order to demonstrate teamwork, it is important to create relationships that enable active communication. The following are some of the things you should keep in mind while you are engaged in the day-to-day execution of your work and/or managing your team.  Share goals and objectives within the team  Share information that will help the team achieve its goals and objectives  Try to communicate in a way that is clear and accurate and clear from the other person’s point of view  Instead of expressing your own unsolicited opinion, try listening to the opinions and thoughts of your team members  Respond to consultations and inquiries in a manner that is friendly but not vague or ambiguous  Show a tolerant attitude towards other people’s failures  Demonstrating teamwork 22 Our Standards Introduction

14  In today’s increasingly complex business environment, in order to develop ideas that lead to innovation and to improvement of productivity, we need a culture in which diverse personnel can play an active role and provide opinions from different per- spectives, without being bound by conventional wisdom. In addition, discussions from diverse perspectives may lead to the discovery of risks that went previously undetected. As measures to promote diversity, equity and inclusion, the Group promotes the active participation of women, mid-career employees, people with disabilities, and global talent; supports work-life balance; and promotes the understanding of human rights and LGBTQ+ issues.  Our views on diversity, equity and inclusion  We will promote free and open discussions based on various opinions and information from different standpoints. Free and open discussions  To maximize the diversity and creativity of each individual, it is important to increase psychological safety(*) with the implementation of the “3up” Initiative (Speak Up/Listen Up/Follow Up) and create an environment where all employees can speak freely and openly. When listening to people, keep the following in mind:  Listen to opinions that differ from your own  Do not dismiss an opinion out of hand even if you feel it misses the point  When not adopting an opinion, politely explain the reason  Break away from assumptions and siloed thinking (*)  A state in which one is confident that one will not be rejected or punished for speaking up and therefore does not hesitate to speak up  Towards free and open discussion 23 Our Standards Introduction

Our Thoughts  Our (Employees’) Thoughts  When a mistake occurs at work, we have a meeting with not only the person who made the mistake and their manager, but also the relevant people in adjacent teams. In analyzing the causes and considering recurrence prevention measures, we discuss what went wrong and what should have been done from the perspec- tive of each person’s own work. By allowing all employees to deal with risks as events that could happen to them, we use mistakes as material for learning and improve risk sensitivity. Having an interest in real estate, I was transferred to the real estate department under the internal job posting system, where I acquired various certifications to acquire increases my business knowledge. I was encouraged in my desire to expand the scope of my work role, and I was able to experience a wide range of work across multiple teams. I feel that this is a company that supports you if you speak up and say you want to do something, and where I can shape my career by identifying my own expertise and suitability through various tasks.  [07. How to deal with risk]  [10. Striving for growth] Using mistakes as material for learning  Utilization of the job posting system  Traffic was paralyzed by a typhoon and most of the team was delayed, so we started work with just the few of us who were able to make it to the office. We took common shared ownership of the situation, prioritized tasks, and reviewed checklists for tasks we’d never been responsible for before, and each of us actively spoke and acted performed duties beyond the boundaries of our positions and responsibilities to perform our duties to the fullest of our abilities. As a result, there was no significant disruption to subsequent operations. At the time, I’d only been on the team for a few months and I wasn’t a key player, but since having witnessed the power of the team, I’ve been trying to keep a broader perspective and respond to situations more flexibly with more flexibility.  [13. Teamwork] Teamwork that can withstand a typhoon  I didn’t feel well before maternity leave, so I took an extended leave of absence. At first, I felt guilty for inconveniencing my manager and team members, but my manager and co-workers kept in touch with me personally during my two years of maternity and parental leave and I was reminded what a caring company this is. Even after returning to work, I’ve been able to continue to work without difficulty, for example by working from home or working shorter hours. I feel that we have a flexible work environment with many options for people raising children.  [11. Physical and mental health and diverse work styles] Maternity leave, childcare leave, and shortened working hours 24 Our Standards Introduction

For Our Society  We will act appropriately based on high ethical standards and strive to earn the unwavering trust of society by contributing to its sustainable development.  25 Our Standards Introduction

15  In providing products and services to clients, the SuMi TRUST Group is governed by business laws, such as laws that regulate transactions pertaining to banking, trusts, financial instruments, lending, and real estate. It is governed by regulations instituted by various industry bodies, as well as by numerous other laws and regulations, such as foreign exchange acts, anti-trust laws, truth-in-advertising laws, subcontracting laws, and unfair competition laws. Given that our internal rules reflect the provisions of the above laws and regulations, abiding by them will ensure that the Group’s operations are compliant with laws and regulations. Please speak up without hesitation if you are encountering any difficulty in complying with our internal rules. In addition, as social rules are defined considering social norms, basically, business operations in accordance with social norms could be ensured through compliance with social rules. Furthermore, social norms continue to change with the times. Although there may be certain matters not stipulated or codified in laws, regulations, or internal rules, engaging in an act that goes against social norms would betray the trust of society. On a daily basis, we must remain attentive to changes in social norms and always act appropriately. Please do not hesitate to speak up when you think that it may be neces- sary to change internal rules due to various reasons such as change of social norms.  Abiding by laws, regulations, and internal rules  We will abide by the laws and regulations relevant to the SuMi TRUST Group, as well as social norms and internal rules, and act appropriately based on high ethical standards in keeping with our fiduciary spirit. Compliance with laws and regulations  26 Our Standards Introduction

16  Human rights are naturally held by all people to seek for happiness with securing their life and freedom so as to be a human. In recent years, societal expectations have pushed companies to promote the human rights of all people in the supply chain, instead of just chasing profits. Human rights are respected at all companies in the SuMi TRUST Group. We take discrimination owing to race, nationality, gender, disability, or background, human rights violations, as well as any behavior that violates human dignity, including sexual harassment, power harassment and customer harassment, very seriously. Therefore, we will respond by taking swift and strict action to address such behavior. Also, as a corporate group with connections to the economic activities of our clients, we must endeavor to obtain information about the impacts on human rights stemming from the corporate activities of suppliers/subcontractors and companies to whom we extend investments and loans, including those overseas, and take measures in the event that social norms have been breached. Human rights are important to all people and must be protected, so it is important that we lend an ear to the opinions of those that struggle to be heard, such as social minorities, and to aim to recognize each other’s differences.  Respecting the human rights of stakeholders  We will, as a member of society, respect the basic human rights of all people and act with due consideration of our impact on these rights. Respecting human rights  27 Our Standards Introduction

17  Insider trading and other fraudulent trading practices unfairly impede the interests of market participants and also greatly undermine the trust placed in the broader market. This can ultimately lead to a downturn in investments in the market, thereby hindering its sound development. Financial institutions are required to adopt strict measures for preventing fraudulent trading because they handle the material, non-public information of many companies. The SuMi TRUST Group in particular is obligated to pay extra attention in this area because we were subject to administrative action in the past for breaching insider trading restrictions. At present, we scrupulously manage this information in order to prevent fraudulent trading or any suspicions thereof.  [Below are examples of control measures that have been implemented]  Strict management of insider information with special ledgers and electronic directories.  Ban on sending material information about clients to investment departments.  Monitoring of the trading of stocks by individual employees.  Prevention of insider trading  We will, as a member of financial and capital markets, comply with laws, regulations and rules to prevent unfair and illicit transactions including insider trading. Ensuring fair transactions  Behavior that is not in keeping with principles of fairness and soundness must be avoided in order to prevent situations that could undermine the trust placed in the Group, even if such behavior does not correspond to an act prohibited by laws or regulations, like insider trading, market manipulation, spreading of rumors, deception, and front running.  Prevention of certain behaviors even if not prohibited by law 28 Our Standards Introduction

18  Building relationships of trust with our stakeholders is the basis of the Group’s continued existence. Relations with stakeholders such as regulatory authorities and outsourcing contractors are ultimately just one part of the performance of operations and must remain within reasonable limits. Relations that overstep this mark would weaken our decision making and ethical standards and also distort business terms and decisions. Accordingly, if the fairness of our duties is undermined, it would betray the trust of society. We must take care to ensure that the type or frequency of entertainment or gifts we provide, or receive, is not excessive in light of what is generally accepted in society. In the SuMi TRUST Group, we require that advance approval is obtained for corporate activity that could lead to bribery or corruption, such as entertainment and gifts obviously, but also cost payments, donations, and aid, even if such activity is permitted by law.  Establishing sound relationships with stakeholders  We will recognize that excessive gift and entertainment provided to stakeholders is detrimental to the fairness of business transactions and we will therefore maintain sound relationships with stakeholders within reasonable limits. Sound relationships with stakeholders  29 Our Standards Introduction

19  As a corporate group in the finance sector, we must prevent financial services from being used for the purpose of threatening the economy and society. Transactions with anti-social forces carry the risk of aiding criminal activity and facili- tating anti-social activity. Money laundering (concealing the origin of money obtained from criminal or illicit activity by moving it through multiple financial institutions), financ- ing of terrorism (providing funds to terrorists and the like), and proliferation financing (providing funds to people involved in the development, possession, and exporting of weapons of mass destruction, including nuclear weapons) also pose similar risks. To prevent these kinds of activity, we not only take steps to monitor transactions and report suspicious transactions to the competent authorities, but we also support periodic risk assessments and the system improvement efforts of Group companies, including our overseas offices.  Prevention of the improper use of financial services  We will recognize that not having ties with criminal anti-social forces, preventing money laundering and the financing of terrorism are our social responsibilities for sound economic and social development, and act properly. Countering criminal anti-social forces and financial crime  30 Our Standards Introduction

20  As a corporate group in the finance sector, one of our roles is to contribute to the development of the money and capital markets as key pieces of social infrastructure. The evolution of the markets will mean our clients and other stakeholders will have even more options to choose from than in the past. And if the market grows more appealing and the number of market participants and transactions increase, business opportunities for the SuMi TRUST Group will open up even further.  Why do we work on developing the markets?  We will, as a participant in financial and capital markets, aim to contribute to sustainable development of markets through leveraging our position as a trust group. Sustainable and stable development of financial and capital markets  On a daily basis we must think about, and take action on, making the markets more appealing and trusted.  Examples of action required:  Taking stock of changes in market participant needs and trends in the latest technol- ogy to consider the development or improvement of products and services, as well as their possible use in making operations more efficient.  Deeply understanding the usefulness of money and capital markets and striving to educate a wide spectrum of stakeholders about the monetary economy.  Abiding by social norms as a market participant and boosting the confidence of stakeholders in the overall market.  Contribution to the development of the markets 31 Our Standards Introduction

21  Numerous global issues have grown increasingly worse in recent times, including climate change, biodiversity loss, and rising poverty. The Group’s stated purpose is — Trust for a flourishing future —. This purpose reflects our desire to try and solve outstanding social issues, connect them to accomplishments and growth, deliver positive impacts to clients and other stake- holders, and build a sustainable society for the next generation.  Setting our sights on a sustainable society  We will, in cooperation with various stakeholders, aim to contribute to building a sustainable society through our group business activities towards solutions for a variety of social agendas such as realizing a decarbonized society and giving consideration to biodiversity Solving social and environmental issues  Examples of initiatives for solving social issues include:  Providing capital to fund projects aimed at reducing greenhouse emissions and procurement practices that consider biodiversity.  Construction consulting from the perspective of environmental performance of buildings and biodiversity of building sites.  Reducing the Group’s electricity consumption, paper use, and amount of waste generated, and promoting so-called “green purchasing.”  Examples of initiatives aimed at solving social issues 32 Our Standards Introduction

22  Many regional areas of Japan are currently grappling with such issues as population decline and a shrinking local economy. If we can build a society in which no one is left behind and revitalize regional economies, that in turn will lead to the invigoration of the whole country. The Group is currently partnering with key players (local companies, universities, and local government agencies) in regional areas to propel activities for the purpose of devel- oping regional industries and utilizing local resources for the benefit of the community.  Collaboration with regional key players  We will, as a member of society and together with various partners, aim to contribute to vitalize regional societies through integrating viewpoints of the SDGs (sustainable development goals). Contributing to regional society  [Collaboration with Hokkaido Regional Environment Office]  Driving the uptake of Environmental, Social, and Governance (“ESG”) regional financ- ing in Hokkaido and providing comprehensive support to develop and implement model businesses that emphasize benefits for the region *  ESG regional financing: Regional financial institutions collaborate with local governments and the like to leverage their know-how of finance to address ESG issues with the potential for commercialization  [ Collaboration with Odawara City, Bank of Yokohama, and Hamagin Research Institute ]  Supporting an impact assessment of a “local production for local consumption” project powered by renewable energy in the city of Odawara in Kanagawa Prefecture *  Impact assessment: Evaluates the impact a business has on the environment, society, and the economy  [Collaboration with regional banks across Japan]  Hosting information sessions aimed at project sourcing by regional banks in all regions of Japan  Examples of initiatives for invigorating communities 33 Our Standards Introduction

Our Thoughts  Our (Employees’) Thoughts  I think we need to give more thought to how we engage with people in the LGBTQ community. Humans naturally struggle to transform a concept into words and actions. Even though we ultimately want to be able to respond appropriately without even thinking about how to do so, just thinking about that is, in itself, quite embarrassing in my view. We need to drive a change in mindset so that we don’t get left behind, perhaps by looking at the kinds of initiatives currently being implemented in society at large right now. After I informed a client that a different employee would be taking care of their affairs going forward, the client paid me a visit at my branch. Then when saying goodbye for the last time, the client thanked me for everything and passed me a letter and an envelope containing some money. I refused to accept it, but the client insisted I take it. I kindly explained once again that we cannot personally accept money from a client, but that I could accept the letter. The client under- stood that it was against the rules and apologized for causing a fuss. I said I’d be very happy just to accept the letter, to which the client smiled and bade farewell.  [16. Respecting human rights]  [18. Prohibiting excessive entertainment and gifts] LGBTQ awareness  A letter from a client  On a daily basis I perform various duties as part of my branch’s sustainability committee. The other day I put up a picture in our working space that was drawn by somebody from a local facility that cares for people with disabilities. The person that drew the picture actually visited our branch and we took a photo together on the day of the visit. These kinds of activities, along with delivering products and services, are making people aware that we are a company with ties to the local community.  [22. Contributing to the community] Sustainability activities in the community  We are currently seeing an increase in enquiries from clients due to the growing number of telephone and email scams. For example, our clients have told us that they have been unable to complete procedures online after following a link in a suspicious email or that they received a phone call from somebody saying someone tried to use their card. Sometimes, some of our customers are not even aware that they are being scammed. It is easy to be indignant at such fraud, but I always endeavor to remain calm, listen intently to what the client has to say, gain an understanding of the situation, and take the appropriate action.  [19. Addressing anti-social forces and financial crime] Responding to scams 34 Our Standards Introduction

For Our Shareholders  We will respect the rights of shareholders and strive to meet their expectations by creating, and enhancing in a sustained manner, value unique to a trust group.  35 Our Standards Introduction

23  Listed companies, including the SuMi TRUST Group, are responsible for carrying out the management mandate of their shareholders and are therefore required to disclose earnings results and other financial information, as well as non-financial information like management strategies and circumstances surrounding corporate governance. They must also engage in dialogue with shareholders and other stakeholders in order to gain their understanding. The reasoning behind this is that corporate activities are more likely to be understood and agreed to by not only employees, but also external stakeholders, if information is disclosed and opportunities for dialogue are made available. This will then lead to sustainable growth and improvements in medium- to long-term corporate value. We are making every effort to proactively disclose information to stakeholders and engage in dialogue and to also pursue measures for achieving growth whilst incorpo- rating their wide-ranging views.  Why must we disclose information and engage in dialogue?  We will make every effort to properly disclose information and engage in constructive dialogue with stakeholders. Proper disclosure and engagement  Details about the work and accomplishments of our employees may be used in infor- mation disclosures and in dialogue with shareholders. Even if your duties have no direct connection to information disclosure and shareholder dialogue, it is still important that we all go about our work with a mental readiness to be able to explain our roles to shareholders and other stakeholders.  Mental attitude towards information disclosure and dialogue 36 Our Standards Introduction

24  Advancements in, and the proliferation of, information technology in recent years have given rise to new risks. For example, malicious third-party cyber-attacks, malware infections from the internet, and the spread of negative information on social media. Also, the loss of a device used for work purposes may lead to more than just economic losses from the impairment of company assets—the very credibility of the Group could also be seriously damaged. We are beefing up our information security, cyber-security, and compliance practices, and also implementing various measures to prevent the aforementioned risks, including the development of an organizational structure, the adoption of technology-based countermeasures, and the provision of training to employees.  Emergence of new risks  We will make use of company assets for the purpose of carrying out legitimate business operations and strictly safeguard them from unintended use, damage, or outflow. Protection of company assets  Company assets include not just tangible assets, such as desks, computers, and real estate, but also intangible assets, such as information and intellectual property. Employees are required to preserve the Group’s corporate value by protecting the company’s assets and utilizing the company’s resources effectively.  Behavior that should be avoided includes, but is not limited to:  Using a Company computer, car, or other equipment for personal reasons  Using Company information, position, or authority for personal reasons  Using the name of the Company and one’s title in contracts and activities in private life  Using services such as Social Media and application without company’s approval for business operations  To protect company assets 37 Our Standards Introduction

The symbol mark features “Future Bloom” representing the purpose of Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Group, which is — Trust for a flourishing future —. The four clear petals show our “Mission” to each stakeholder of clients, society, shareholders and employees. The four colors of petals represent our value (codes of conduct): “Truthfulness and Loyalty” (natural green), “Dedication and Development” (golden orange),“Trust and Creativity” (blue green), and “Self-help and Self-discipline” (sky blue).  25  As a corporate group with a sense of belonging to society, we actively pursue businesses geared towards solving social issues instead of just generating profits for ourselves. This is because energizing society as a whole through activities that make a difference in the community—i.e. the creation of social value—can enrich the lives and well-being of stakeholders and bring about new business opportunities and innovation, or in other words, the creation of economic value. For the common interests of all shareholders, we will do our best to enhance corporate value by balancing the creation of both social and economic value. We want our shareholders to feel they made the right decision in purchasing SuMi TRUST Group shares and that they will continue to hold them into the future.  To sow the seeds of a prosperous future  We will, through a value creation process for realizing our Purpose, balance the development of both social and economic values and deliver pride and prosperity to our shareholders. Balancing the development of both social and economic values  38 Our Standards Introduction

Our Thoughts  Our (Employees’) Thoughts  I always try and be conscious of the fact that what we do at work will ultimately be reflected in information disclosed to the public. Rarely do we feel a connection to information disclosures in our day-to-day duties, but the preparation of financial statements is the basis of the Company’s accounts. On top of that, our everyday activities are sometimes featured in the Group’s integrated reports and other pub- lications. Many of the clients I deal with pay attention to the information disclosed by financial groups and they sometimes ask questions, so I always make an effort to keep an eye on the information disclosed by other groups, not just our own. I work in the department that manages all of the Company’s equipment and facilities and one of our jobs is to compile a capital expenditure budget. We undertake careful examinations and we are mindful of executing efficient and effective investments, mainly by prioritizing investments in equipment that needs upgrading and deferring low-priority projects. We recognize that the Company’s budget constitutes the profits that our employees worked so hard to generate, which is we always strictly check that the investments we make are appropriate and carefully planned.  [23. Appropriate information disclosure and constructive dialogue]  [24. Protection of company assets] Connection between everyday work and information disclosure  Checking capital expenditure  I really feel that the project finance work I am currently in charge of is creating social value in the shape of infrastructure development and greater availability of renewable energy whilst also helping to generate economic value for the Company thanks to high profit margins. This is why I’m doing my best everyday because I believe my own personal growth can have a positive impact on my team and department, and by extension, the Company and society as a whole.  [25. Balancing the creation of both social and economic value] Balancing the creation of value through work  I attach a lot of importance to providing the most suitable product or service to meet the needs of each and every client. To that end, I always try to get to know my clients as much as possible and to maintain a deep understanding of our products and services. As a result, meeting the expectations of our clients means we can continue to be of service as a company, which I think will lead to the creation of social value.  [25. Balancing the creation of both social and economic value] Having a deep understanding leads to social value 39 Our Standards Introduction




</Finance_Japan_Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Group_2025.pdf>