This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Finance_Indonesia_BTN_2023.pdf>

648 PT Bank Tabungan Negara (Persero) Tbk  Corporate Governance  Code of Conducts  The Code of Conduct is a manifestation of the Company’s commitment to ensure the application of high standard GCG that refers to the best practices of credible and trusted banking institutions. Credibility and trust from the public, shareholders and customers are determining factors for the development and continuity of the Company’s business. The Company’s business activities must comply with applicable laws and regulations and uphold norms and ethics. Awareness of good ethics implementation will enhance and strengthen the positive image of the Company and make it recognized as a Good Corporate Citizen. Therefore, the Company always upholds its integrity by preserving and applying the Code of Conduct as the basis of the attitudes and actions of all Company personnel to work professionally and ethically by using basic principles that refer to the vision, mission, and values as well as applicable internal and external regulations.  Vision, Mission and Corporate Culture Values as The Foundation of The Code of Conduct  The Company has formulated several policies that serve as ethical and behavioral guidelines for each element of the Company in performing business activities. The Company strives to apply ethical and behavioral standards in all of its business activities in accordance with its vision, mission, and cultural values through the enforcement of the Code of Conduct.  Vision and mission Code of Conduct  Perseroan  Business Ethics Standards Standards of Conduct Cultural Values  Vision  To be The Best Mortgage Bank in Southeast Asia by 2025  Mission  1.  To actively support the government in advancing the wellbeing of Indonesians through home ownership. 2.  To realize the life dreamed by millions of Indonesians through the provision of a decent home. 3.  To become the home of Indonesia’s best talent. 4.  To increase shareholder value by focusing on sustainable profitability growth as a blue chip company with solid risk management principles. 5.  To become the financial partner to stakeholder within the housing ecosystem by providing end-to-end solutions and excellent service through digital innovation.

649 PT Bank Tabungan Negara (Persero) Tbk 2023 Annual Report  Corporate Culture Values  Corporate culture values are reflected in the AKHLAK culture as the Company’s core values and consist of 18 core behavioral guidelines as follows:  Trust  Hold fast to the trust given  Competent  Continue to learn to develop capabilities  Harmonious  Caring for each other and respecting differences  Loyal  Dedicated and prioritizing the interests of the nation and state  Adaptive  Continue to innovate and be enthusiastic in moving or facing change  Collaborative  Build synergies •  Fulfill promises and commitments; •  Take responsibility for the decisions, tasks and actions •  taken; •  Adhere to moral and ethical values. •  Increase self-competence to respond to ever-changing •  challenges; •  Help others learn; •  Completing tasks of the highest quality •  Respect everyone regardless of background; •  Likes to help others; •  Building a conducive work environment. •  Maintaining the good name of fellow employees, leaders, •  BUMN and the State; •  Willing to make sacrifices to achieve a greater goal; •  Obey the Leaders as long as it does not conflict with law •  and ethics. •  Quickly adjust to become better; •  Continuously making improvements following technological •  developments; •  Act proactively •  Providing opportunities for various parties to contribute; •  Open in working together to produce added value; •  Mobilizing the use of various resources for common goals.  Culture Value  Main Conduct AKHLAK

650 PT Bank Tabungan Negara (Persero) Tbk  Corporate Governance  Contents of The Code of Conduct  The Code of Conduct contains ethical and behavioral standards for the Company as a business entity and all its elements in interacting with various internal and external interested parties. The application of the Code of Conduct aims to realize ideal behaviors that develop into a work culture based on the noble values believed by the Company. The Code of Conduct is summarized into 4 chapters which are briefly described as follows:  01. Introduction  This Code of Conduct is the codification or a compilation of policies, employee regulations, and agreements that have been jointly established between the Company and employees who will influence, shape, and set forth the standards of behavior, both for Management and employees in performing all business activities. The implementation of the Code of Conduct, either Compliance or Non-Compliance, becomes one of the aspects assessed in the employee’s performance appraisal. Therefore, the Code of Conduct will always be used as a guideline in the formulation of policies, manuals/procedures and management practices in the Company. The consistent application of the Code of Conduct will demonstrate the Company’s efforts in upholding noble business values and ethics in conducting business, while simultaneously reinforcing the principles of Good Corporate Governance.  02. Business Ethics Standards  1. Bank Ethics with Employees Fair employee treatment, employee discipline, and prohibition of employee involvement in the Bank’s securities business activities. 2. Bank Ethics with Customers The Bank prioritizes customer satisfaction and trust and employees are required to support the Bank’s efforts to achieve customer satisfaction. 3. Bank ethics with suppliers of goods and services The selection of suppliers of goods and services must be based on an assessment of ability, achievement, compliance and objectivity in price, quality, availability, requirements and services provided by partners/suppliers 4.  Bank Ethics with Competitors The Bank views competitors as drivers of continuous performance improvement. 5. Bank Ethics with Partners The Bank upholds mutual trust and respect, as well as togetherness with business partners in accordance with applicable business principles. 6.  Bank Ethics with the Government The Bank is committed to complying with prevailing laws and regulations.. 7. Bank Ethics with Society The Bank is committed to making a positive contribution to sustainable economic development by paying attention to social responsibility with an emphasis on balancing economic, social, and environmental aspects. 8.  Bank Ethics with Mass Media The Bank views the mass media as partners and the means of conducting promotions to build a constructive image. 9. Bank Ethics with Professional Organizations The Bank fosters good cooperative relationships with professional and regulatory organizations in the context of sharing information and experiences, discussing businessdevelopments, and finding the best solutions of problems of mutual interest.  03.  Behavioural Standard Policy  1.  Employees at all times must avoid conditions, situations or the impression of any Conflict of Interest and the inappropriate use of position. 2.  Each member of the Board of Commissioners, Board of Directors, and Bank employees are prohibited from giving and/or receiving something for their own benefit, either directly or indirectly, from business partners who can influence decisions. 3.  Company organs and Bank employees must comply with legislation and Bank regulations  04.  Implementation and Enforcement  Each Bank employee must report any evidence of a deviation from the Corporate Code of Conduct to the Human Capital Management & Culture Specialist Division and the identity of the reporter is to be protected. The Division then follows up on each report and submits the results of the study to the Board of Directors and/or Commissioners in accordance with the scope of their responsibilities. Finally, the Board of Directors and Commissioners will make a decision regarding the various actions available, such as coaching, disciplinary sanctions and/or corrective and preventive actions that are required to be performed by direct superiors in their respective work environments.


</Finance_Indonesia_BTN_2023.pdf>