This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Finance_China_CITIC Limited_2023.pdf>

CITIC Limited  Code of Anti - corruption  December  2022

CITIC Limited ("the Company") believes that honesty, integrity and fair play are important  assets. The Company will respect and adhere to the laws of the countries in which it operates  and all directors and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries (co llectively  “ the Group ”)  must ensure that the  Group 's reputation is not tarnished by dishonesty, lack of integrity or  corruption.  The Group fully supports the global campaign against corruption and has zero  tolerance for corruption and any fraudulent  practices.  This Code  and Code of Conduct of CITIC Limited  stipulate the Company ’ s policy on matters  of personal conduct of all employees (including directors, employees and anyone working on  the business or affairs of the Company. This Code applies to the  Company and to its  subsidiaries and all businesses the Company manages or controls wherever they are located.  Any breach of this Code will give rise to disciplinary action, including but not limited to  termination of employment. Subsidiaries may adopt the  Code with modifications to cater for  the relevant laws and regulations in their jurisdiction. However, such modifications must be  no less exacting than those set out in this Code.  Employees should use common sense and  judgment when assessing whether any a rrangement would be considered corrupt or improper.  1.  Personal Conduct of Directors and Employees  1.1.  Bribery, Illegal Gifts and Commissions  1.1.1  Prevention of Bribery Ordinance (Cap 201 of the Laws of Hong Kong)  The Company prohibits any form of corruption and  bribery.  Whether in Hong  Kong or other regions, any employee soliciting, accepting or offering an  advantage in connection with his /her  duties without the permission of the  Company in the execution of the Company's affairs, as a reward or inducement  to do a ny act related to the Company's affairs or to treat others favorably in the  Company's affairs ,  commits an offence  under  Prevention of Bribery Ordinance  (Cap 201 of the Laws of Hong Kong)  (the  “ Hong Kong Ordinance ”).  The Hong  Kong Ordinance is the  minimum  standard the whole Group should adopt.  Each  unit shall adopt this Code or  formulate  relevant anti - corruption measures in  accordance with the actual situation, and the standard shall not be lower than  the standard of this Code.  In the case of subsidiaries  operating outside the  jurisdiction of Hong Kong, the  relevant  local legislation  or organizational  system  shall apply .  If there is a conflict between this Code or relevant anti -  corruption measures and local legislation or organizational system, the relevant  provisions of local legislation o r organizational systems must  be complied with .

The term  “ advantage ”  is defined in the Hong Kong Ordinance to include,  amongst  others,  gift, loan, fee, reward,  commission  office, employment,  contract, service and favor  (except entertainment, see section 1.2 below) , etc.  1.1.2  Soliciting Advantages  It is the policy of the Company to prohibit employees from soliciting any  advantage from clients, suppliers or any person who has any connection with  the  Group 's business.  1.1.3  Acceptin g Advantages  Employees should  not accept or solicit any  advantages  from persons with whom  have  business dealings  (including  persons, companies or institutions that have  or  are  expected  to  have  business  dealings  with  the  Company,  or  their  subordinates due  to their connections with their positions ) .  This is particularly  so given that the acceptance of advantages could affect their  objectivity or  induce them to act against the  Group's  interests or lead to complaints of bias.  Under the Hong Kong Ordinance, an  employee is considered to have accepted  an advantage if it is accepted by any other person acting on his behalf.  If an  employee receives any advantages from a person he or she believes to have  business  dealings , and if the  advantage  cannot be returned  and  in  case of  doubt,  the recipient should  refer the matter to  the head of anti - corruption department  of the relevant company  for advice and instructions.  A gift offered  to a family  member of an employee  may  be  considered  as  a n advantage  to compromise the  inte grity of the employee and should be reported  to  the head  of  anti - corruption  department  of the relevant company  and will be decided on a case by case basis.  Taking into account the nature and value of the advantage, if refusal to accept  the advantage may be  considered as impolite or inconsistent with social  conventions, the employee may consider accepting advertising or promotional  gift of nominal value, a gift or souvenir for attending a  function  on behalf of the  company, customary gift or lucky money given  during festive occasions,  provided the value not exceeding HK$500.  Any advantage that an employee  received  related to  business  dealings that is considered to be substantial  (an  advantage with a value exceeding HK$ 500  should certainly be considered as  " subs tantial ") should be declined and the offer of such an advantage should be  disclosed to the  h ead of  h uman  r esources &  a dministration  d epartment  or anti -  corruption department  of the  relevant  company  as soon as practicable (and in  any event within three days  after receiving such offer).

Employees should not accept or solicit any advantages from relatives or  personal friends whom they consider to have business  dealings  or influence on  business  dealings . If any advantage is offered, the employee should  report to the  head of the anti - corruption department of the  relevant  company for advice and  instruction.  1.1.4  Offering Advantages  (agent)  Under no circumstances may an employee offer advantages in any form or  similar considerations to  an agent of  any person or company  as a reward or  inducement to act in relation to his principal's business or to give  favour  to the  C ompany in his principal's business  for the purpose of obtaining or retaining  business for, or directing business to the Company.  Any c ommissions paid or payments made, or  favorable  terms conceded, or other  advantages given by any employee in the conduct of the Company's business  shall be in accordance with the Company's prevailing policies on such matters  and shall have the prior written  approval of his respective head of business unit.  1.1.5  Prevention of Bribery  Employees are strictly prohibited from offering any advantages  to any public  official  (including employees of the government and public bodies)  as such  public  official  for doing or refraining from doing any act or refraining from  doing anything in  his capacity as a public  official  or acting in his government  department or public body reward or inducement for preferential treatment or  assistance; or offering any advantage s to a member or employee of any  government department  or public body in dealing with any government  department or public body.  1.1.6  Misconduct  in Public Office  (offence under common law)  In all dealings with public officials (including employees of governmen t and  public bodies), employees should take extra care not to aid or abet any abuse of  office or malpractice by public officials, so as to avoid committing the same  common law offence of 'misconduct in public office' as such public officials.

1.2.  Entertainmen t  The Hong Kong Ordinance  specifically  excludes  entertainment  as a n "advantage ",  which  is defined as  “ the provision of food or drink, for consumption on the occasion  when it is provided, and of any other entertainment connected with, or provided at the  same time as, such provisions ”.  Although entertainment is an acceptable form of  business and social  beh avior , employees should turn down invitations to meals or  entertainment that are excessive in nature or frequency, so as to avoid embarrassment  or loss of objectivity, or which may otherwise adversely affect the reputation of the  Group, when conducting the  Company's business. If it is impolite to decline an  invitation, the employee might accept, on the understanding that he be allowed to  reciprocate.  1.3.  Abuse of authority, company assets and proprietary information  Employees should not abuse their authority  for personal  benefit. Personal benefit  includes the financial and personal interests of the employee and his family members,  relatives, or friends.  Employees with authorization to manage or use the Company assets  should  use them  solely  for the purpose of  conducting the Company's businesses.  Unauthorized use of  the Company assets by any employee is strictly prohibited.  Employees are not allowed at any time to disclose  or misuse any proprietary  information  to anybody /company  outside the  Group  without prior  written permission  of their respective head of business unit. Such proprietary information may relate to  any and all aspects of the  Group 's operations both historical and /or  projections,  including investment strategies, sales and marketing plans, new prod ucts, financial  information, intellectual property (including trademark, design or patent) applications,  client databases, copyright materials etc.  It is the responsibility of each employee who has access to or is in control of the  proprietary information  to provide adequate safeguards to prevent its  disclosure,  abuse  or misuse. Examples of misuse  of proprietary information  include disclosure of  information in return for rewards (monetary or otherwise); use of information for  personal benefit; and disclosure of information that may adversely affect the  Group's  interests.

As a Hong Kong listed company, the Company ’ s d irectors , senior management ,  employees  and  anyone in possession of price sensitive/inside information should  strictly observe the Code for Securities Transactions  and the Inside Information/ Price  Sensitive Information Disclosure Policy  adopted by the Company .  1.4.  Conflict of Interest Situations  Conflict of interest situations arise when the personal interests of employees compete  or otherwise conflict with the interests of the Company. Such situations at best can lead  to divided loyalty and at worst can result in  corruption or other  malpractice .  The most common types of conflict of interest situations employees may be involved  in are:    having undeclared financial interests in any supplier, contractor or party that does  business with the Company;    offering assistan ce to the Company's competitors through providing them part -  time employment or "consultancy" services, or other action;    engaging in production or sale of services or goods in competition with the  Company;    using the Company's time and assets in performing outside work on the  Company's premises; and    giving unduly  favorable  treatment to particular supplier, contractor, customer, job  applicant or subordinate for personal reasons which may or may not  i nclude  fi nancial gain for yourself or others.  Every employee of the Company should take it as his personal responsibility to avoid  engaging in situations that may lead to or be involved in conflict of interest. He should  at all times ensure that his /her  dealings with customers, suppliers, contractors and  colleagues do not place him /her  in a position of obligation that may lead to a conflict  of interest or the perception of a conflict of interest.  In cases where an employee or his /her  immediate family mi ght have engaged in or are  considering engaging in business, investments or activities that might have existing or  potential conflict with the Company's interests, it is the responsibility of the employee  to promptly discuss and make full disclosure in wri ting to his respective head of  business  unit  and  copied  to  the  Head  of  Human  Resources  & Administration  Department.

1.5.  Loans  An employee or his /her  immediate family should not grant or guarantee a loan to, or  accept a loan from or through the assistance of any individual or organisation having  business dealings with the Company. There is, however, no restriction on normal loans  from banks or financia l institutions made at the prevailing interest rates and terms.  1.6.  Records, Accounts and Other Documents  Employees shall ensure that all records, receipts, accounts or other documents  submitted to the Company truthfully report the events or business transa ctions  contained therein and shall not use documents containing false information to deceive  or mislead the Company.  2.  Relations hip  with Suppliers and Contractors  2.1.  Fair and Open Competition  The Company promotes fair and open competition and aims at  developing and securing  long term relationship with suppliers and contractors based on mutual trust.  2.2.  Meeting Public Interest and Accountability Standards  Procurement of supplies and services  should  be conducted in a manner of the highest  ethical standards  to  assure a quality end product as well as the continued confidence of  customers, suppliers, contractors and the public.  2.3.  Procurement and Tendering Procedures  The purchase of goods or services sho uld be based solely upon price, quality and  business need.  Procurement and tendering actions  should  be based on the following principles:    impartial selection of capable and responsible suppliers and contractors;    maximum use of competition, considering  the size of the purchase;    selection of appropriate contract types according to needs;    compliance with laws, relevant regulations and contractual obligations; and

  adoption of an effective monitoring system and management controls to  detect  and prevent bri bery, fraud or other malpractice in the processes of procurement  and tendering.  Procurement and tendering procedures implementing this policy will specifically  include procedures and practices designed to detect and prevent fraudulent activit ies .  2.4.  Briber y and Corrupt Practices  It is the policy of the Company not to engage in bribery and corrupt practices.  Employees should familiarise themselves with, and follow the Company ’ s policy on  the acceptance of advantages (see section 1.1.3 above).  Under no circumstances are  they permitted to use insider information for their own private gain.  Those involved in  the selection of and purchase from suppliers and contractors should avoid misuse of  authority or engage in situations which could interfere,  or appear to interfere, with their  ability to make free and independent decisions regarding purchase and procurement.  3.  Monitoring of Compliance and the Means of Enforcement  3.1.  Understanding and Compliance with the Code  It is the responsibility of every em ployee to understand and comply with this Code .  Management of subsidiaries or relevant departments  should ensure in their day to day  supervision that their subordinates fully understand and comply with the standards and  requirements stipulated in this Code. Problems encountered in enforcement as well as  comments or su ggestions for improvement of this  C ode should be  reported  to the  relevant department , for consideration and action.  3.2.  Violation of the  Code  The Company shall not tolerate any illegal or unethical acts. Anyone violating this Code  is  liable  to  be  disciplined  which  may  include  termination  of  employment.  Subsidiaries/relevant  departments  should  report  together  when  reporting  on  the  implementation of the Code of Conduct of CITIC Limited.  In case of suspected  corruption or other forms of criminality, a report will be made to the appropriate  authorities.  In addition, violations of applicable anti - bribery and corruption laws may  result in civil, criminal and/or regulatory penalties, including fines, restitution of profits,

and imprisonment , etc.  3.3.  Whistle b lowing  The  Company  recognizes  the  impo rtance  of  whistleblowing  and  encourages  whistleblowing of suspected violations of this Code within the Company in accordance  with the applicable internal rules and regulations of subsidiaries/relevant group s ,  to  protect the Company ’ s interests and reputati on.  The Company  will handle suspected  case of fraud, corruption and other misconduct  in a fair and proper manner, to  discourage malicious allegations in bad faith and to shield the whistleblower from any  possible consequential harm and loss.  In the cases of suspected  co rrup tion  or other  criminal offences, a report will be made to the relevant authorities.


</Finance_China_CITIC Limited_2023.pdf>