This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Finance_Korea_KB Financial Group_2024.pdf>

KB  Financial Group  Code of  Conduct  KB Financial Group

Preface  KB Financial Group is committed to  the  diligent  observation of  this  Code of  Conduct ,  created to elucidate the spirit of the KB Financial Group Charter of Ethics reflecting our  promise of ethical management and  to  provide guidelines for proper value  judgment  and conduct for all employees.  Chapter 1: Ethics on Customers  1.  P lacing our Customers First  KB Financial Group  places  the  top priority  on  our  customers  in determining  the  standard of  conduct for all of our activities. We strive to constantly think and act  from  the customer’s point  of view and  deliver  customer  delight  by providing  excellence in  financial products and services  that meet the needs  and  expectations of our c ustomers.  2.  P rotecting our Customers  KB Financial Group is committed to  safeguarding  the property, security and personal information  of our  customers , and does not engage in any immoral or unethical practices that  i nfringe upon  the rights of our custom ers.  3.  Respect ing our  Customers  E mployees and staff of KB Financial Group  approach all tasks with sincerity and alacrity, engaging  in ethical marketing activities  building on a strong foundation  of  expert financial knowledge.

Chapter 2:  Ethics on Sha reholders and Investors  1. Maximizing Shareholder and Investor Profit  KB Financial Group protects the rights of our shareholders and investors, respecting their rightful demands and suggestions and building trust through a transparent and reasonable decision- making process and sound business activities, and enhances corporate market value by generating stable revenues.  2. Protecting Shareholder Rights  KB Financial Group engages with all of our shareholders fairly and equally, whether they be minor or major shareholders, or domestic or foreign, with all management decisions taken in careful consideration of the benefits of all shareholders to ensure no shareholder benefits or rights are wrongfully violated.  3. Providing Open and Transparent Information  KB Financial Group creates and maintains financial records according to generally-accepted accounting principles, and provides financial statements and business results with openness and transparency.  We disclose our business information according to all relevant regulations in complete, unbiased, timely and accurate and easily understandable manner in order to enable investors, as our potential shareholders, and all interested parties and users to make reasonable and informed investment decisions.

Chapter 3: Ethics on Civic  and Social Duties  1.  C ontributing to  National Economic and Social  Development  KB Financial Group is a partner for national economic development, contributing to our national  economic  growth  through  job creation and full co mpliance  to  tax obligations.  In addition, we are committed to fulfilling our corporate social  responsibility  by supporting  education and the culture  and  arts and engaging in  corporate social initiatives  including charity  programs and  community  service acti vities.  2.  Preventing  Disaster s and Protecting the Environment  KB Financial Group complies with all safety - related regulations and  local and international  environmental regulations, and strives to maintain the highest level of disaster and crisis  preven tion and awareness and engage in environmental protection.  3.  Prohibiting  Political Involvement  KB Financial Group does not  engage in  activities  that depart from complete  political  neutrality by  expressing or providing support  for  any political parties  or candidates.  Contribution s to any  political or charity organizations are made in strict compliance with all relevant laws and  regulations.

1.  Complying  with  Local  and International Laws  As a re sponsible corporate citizen and member of our community, KB Financial Group fully  complies  with all laws and regulations relevant to the prevention of corruption, bribery and  money laundering. As a member of the international community, we respect internat ional  agreeme nts, regulations and other globally - accepted protocols and all local laws, cultur es and  customs.  2.  Competing Fairly with O ther  Financial Institutions  KB Financial Group is committed to  promoting fair and free market competition  according to  the  principles of free and open competition, engaging in fair  competition  with other financial  institutions and fully complying with fair - trade laws and regulations.  3.  Engaging  in  Fair  Business  with our  Suppliers  KB Financial Group pursues joint win - w in growth and development by building mutual trust and  cooperative relationships with our  suppliers  through fair and transparent business practices.  We do not make unfair demands by  using our preferred market position,  and  uphold the highest  degree of in tegrity in signing and fulfilling all contracts.  Chapter 4: Ethics on Competitors and Partners

1.  Maximizing Group Value  KB Financial Group seeks to achieve maximum value for the  Company  by sharing  business  principles and visions, building synergy be tween business divisions and  efficiently  leveraging  business  resources.  2.  Respect ing our Subsidiaries and Affiliates  KB Financial Group  guarantees  management autonomy based on clear goal - setting and  equitable  assessment of our family companies. We clos ely heed the opinions of all of our  members on  maximi zing the  Company  value,  integrating  their input into  managing the Company.  1.  Upholding Dignity and Equality  KB Financial Group respects the  dignity  and  privacy  of all of our employees and staff. We do not  discriminate based on place of birth, family background, educational background, gender, religion,  age, disability or mar ital  status, and  guarantee  equal  opportunities  based on personal ability and  talen t  and fair  compensation  based on equitable assessment of  performance .  2.  Nurturing Talent  KB Financial Group is committed to developing talent and supporting the self - actualization  of all  Chapter 5: Ethics  as a Financial Group  Chapter 6: Ethics on Employees and Staff

of our team members by respecting the autonomy and creativity of  each individual employee,  enhancing workplace satisfaction by fairly assigning work  opportunities  conductive to personal  skills growth, and operating a wide range of training programs for building professional expertise.  3.  E nhancing  Quality of Life  KB  Financial Group firmly believes that our people are our most valuable assets,  and provides  the  right conditions for maintaining work - life balance and  maintains  a sound working environment  for ensuring the health and safety of our employees in the course o f fulfilling their workplace  tasks.  We respect the  dignity  and fundamental rights of all employees, and strive to create a mature  organizational culture founded on mutual respect  where no voice is left unheard.  1.  Complying  with Basic  Ethics  1.1  Employees and staff of KB Financial Group  are expected to  fulfill the tasks assigned to  individual member in order to achieve the goals and values of the  Company , based on  a  shared understanding of the  Company ’s core  bu siness  principles .  1.2  Employees and staff of KB Financial Group  must  resist all attempts to form workplace  factions, instead striving together to build an open organizational culture based on  seamless communication and  mutual  respect regardless of posi tion.  1.3  Employees and staff of KB Financial Group must conduct all financial accounting  practices according to generally - accepted accounting principles, and must furnish  complete, impartial, accurate and understandable information  in a timely manner  a s  Chapter 7:  Employee  Code  of Conduct

required by internal and external regulations and accounting principles.  1.4  Employees and staff of KB Financial Group comply with all work - related rules and  regulations, upholding basic social values and integrity in diligently carrying out assigned  t asks.  2.  Preventing  Conflicts of Interest  2.1  Employees and staff of KB Financial Group  must place first  priority  on the interests of the  company when facing a conflict of interest between the individual employee and the  company or between business di visions, and must refrain from unfairly interfering with the  activities  of another business division or assist in  unlawful  or unfair  transactions.  2.2  Business opportunities identified while serving as an employee of KB Financial Group  must be delegated  to the company.  2.3  Employees and staff of KB Financial  Group must ensure that personal  interest does not  conflict with company interest while making investment decisions that impact or may  impact the fulfillment of professional responsibilities,  conduc ting  transactions with family  members or  acquaintances ,  accepting  speaking engagements and  engaging in  other  such activities . Should a conflict of interest occur, the employee must inform the ethics  department and immediate  supervisor of all relevant facts .  3.  P rohibiting  Insider Trading and  O ther  Unfair  Practices  3.1  Employees and staff of KB Financial Group  must  not engage in unfair practices for  personal gain including trading securities using insider information, price manipulat ion  and  use of private  and undisclosed information. Any profits subjected to return under “short -  swing profit” laws are to be returned according to the relevant rules and regulations.  3.2  Employees and staff of KB Financial Group  must  not furnish to third parties any key

pri vate and undisclosed information provided outside of lawful procedures that may  impact share prices.  4.  P rotecting  Company  Assets  4.1  Employees and staff of KB Financial Group must use the physical  assets , intellectual  property rights, confidential bu siness information and all other tangible and intangible  assets belonging to the company solely for the purpose of enhancing the company’s  business value, and must not  use such assets for personal gain.  4.2  Employees and staff of KB Financial Group must  properly  and transparently make use of  compan y funds and assets according to approved guidelines  solely  for purposes  authorized by the company.  5.  Maintaining  Information Protection and Security  5.1  Employees and staff of KB Financial Group  must not u nlawfully provide private or  undisclosed information encountered during the course of their business  activities  to  outside parties, and must control access to such information by  unauthorized  third parties.  Any access or attempts to access such information  by third parties should be reported  immediately to relevant oversight departments.  5.2  Provision  of  any  information  to  newspapers,  broadcast  media  and  other  press  organizations should be  conducted  solely by authorized company personnel.  6.  Prohibiti ng  G ifts and Entertainment  6.1  Employees and staff of KB Financial Group must not receive gifts or entertainment from  suppliers  or other stakeholders, or offer gifts or entertainment to stakeholders in relation  to company business unlawfully or in excess  of socially - accepted and customary

practices.  6.2  Employees and staff of KB Financial Group must not provide gifts or entertainment to  other employees.  7.  Prohibiting  Involvement in Political  Activities  7.1  Employees and staff of KB Financial Group  must  not engage in political  activities  during  working hours, and  must not make use of  company organizations,  personnel  or  assets  for  political purposes.  7.2  While the political rights and opinions of individual employees and staff of KB Financial  Group  must be respected, care must be taken to ensure such political opinions or  involvement in political  activities  are not misconstrued as those of KB Financial Group.  8.  Prohibiting  Sexual  Harassment and other Abuse  Employees and staff of KB Financial Grou p  must  not engage in any and all improper or  coercive actions including physical, verbal or visual forms of sexual  harassment , verbal abuse  and physical assault.  9.  C omplying  with  Ethics Guidelines  9.1  Employees and staff of KB Financial Group must dil igently comply with the  company’s  fundamental guidelines for ethics (Charter, Code of Conduct, Standards of  Behavior ), and  must bear responsibility for any acts of noncompliance.  9.2  Employees and staff of KB Financial Group must report to the ethics de partment any  attempt to force behavior in violation of fundamental guidelines for ethics or relevant  laws and regulations, or upon witnessing such behavior.

9.3  Should violation of employee ethics guidelines occur, KB Financial Group  must strive to  prev ent a reoccurrence of such violations through thorough investigation of the reasons  for occurrence as well as  education of employees.


</Finance_Korea_KB Financial Group_2024.pdf>