Woori Financial Group : Code of Ethics

Preamble
·Woori Financial Group aims to become a financial group that empowers its customers, shareholders, employees, as well as the future of our nation and society. Through ethical management, we strive to contribute to the national economy and the development of society. We hereby establish and pledge to actively implementing this Code of Ethics, which all executives and employees must abide by, in order to fulfill our role and responsibilities as a leading financial group representing the financial market.· This Code of Ethics applies to all subsidiaries of Woori Financial Group and their employees. Each subsidiary has the option to establish and implement its own Code of Conduct, outlining the standards of proper value judgment and behavioral principles for employees to comply with the Code of Ethics, so long as it remains consistent with this Code. In addition, Woori Financial Group encourages all stakeholders in its business and transaction relationships, including its suppliers and service providers, to fully understand and follow the essence and content of this Code and the Code of Conduct.

Chapter 1. Ethics for Stakeholders

Section 1. Ethics for Customers

· Woori Financial Group considers the happiness and trust of its customers to be its first priority and acts accordingly. Also, we aims to stand by its customers at all times.

1. Customers are essential to the existence and growth of Woori Financial Group. We thus value the happiness and trust of our customers, and operate with a customer-centric approach in both our thinking and actions.2. We shall fulfill the duty of care of a good manager to protect the legitimate interests and property of our customers, and prioritize the interests of our customers when we confronted with conflicts of interest.3. We uphold the privacy of customer information and avoid any behaviors that might jeopardize customer interests, including sharing customer data with third parties or utilizing it for other purposes without their consent.4. We shall prioritize our customers' needs and experiences, making customer-friendly banking a fundamental practice, and continuously endeavor to offer the best financial services.5. We shall aim to develop safe, reliable, and innovative financial services through cutting-edge digital technologies, ensuring that all customers can take advantage of them.

Section 2. Ethics for Shareholders

· Woori Financial Group upholds its shareholders' rights and strives to provide shareholders with the utmost value.

1. We will attain our shareholders' trust by pursuing reasonable profits through prudent business operations, responsible management and fair business practices.2. We shall maximize shareholder investment value by achieving stable and sound profits, and ensure that shareholders can exercise their legitimate rights to the furthest possible extent.3. All shareholders shall be treated equitably and equally, and managerial decisions shall be founded on the interests of all shareholders so that their interests or rights are not unduly infringed upon.4. We shall furnish essential information to shareholders in a timely and fair manner in alignment with pertinent laws and regulations, and shall not provide any undisclosed information to specific shareholders.5. We will sustain the accuracy and reliability of accounting data by recording and managing it in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. We will proactively prevent the risk of financial incidents by operating effective risk management and internal control systems.6. We will endeavor to realize the equitable value of Woori Financial Group by means of rational decision-making and transparent management activities.

Section 3. Ethics for Employees

· Woori Financial Group regards its employees as its most valuable assets, and dedicated to making the group a workplace that they can take pride in and where their dreams and futures are guaranteed.

1. We treat each employee with dignity, and establish a system to perform duties in a legitimate way based on the collection of opinions through smooth communication with executives and employees.2. We shall provide the necessary resources and an enabling environment for all of our employees to maximize their capabilities, and will evaluate and compensate them fairly and reasonably based on their skills and performance.3. We will establish an environment that allows a balance between work and personal life, fostering a pleasant workplace to promote the health and safety of all our employees.4. When employees identify and report unjust activities that violate relevant laws or our Code of Ethics, we will ensure the strict confidentiality of the reporter and guarantee that no disadvantage arises as a result of their act of reporting the violation.

Section 4. Ethics for the Nation and Society

· Woori Financial Group fulfills its social responsibilities and contributes to the development of the national economy and society.

1. As a socially responsible financial group, we will contribute to the development of the national economy by generating employment opportunities and fulfilling tax payment diligently.2. We recognize that compliance with the law is the minimum standard for our business performance, and will take the lead in establishing a fair financial environment in accordance with the overall laws and market order.3. We shall respect diversity in social values and customs, eliminate all social irregularities that hinder ethical business practices, and fulfill our corporate social responsibility and role through educational, cultural, social welfare and other projects.4. We shall promote various projects that contribute to the socio-economic value of the community and its members.5. We acknowledge that protecting the natural environment is a prerequisite for the sustainable future of society, and thus we will adhere to environmental laws while actively engaging in environmental conservation activities.6. We shall maintain political neutrality and refrain from endorsing any specific political party or candidate, and donate to political or charitable organizations in compliance with relevant laws and regulations.7. As a member of the international community, we shall adhere to its norms and respect the laws, customs and culture of the countries in which we operate.

Section 5. Ethics for Partner Companies

· Woori Financial Group shall be fair and transparent in conducting business with partner companies.

1. We shall establish a co-prosperity relationship with partners, aiming for common development and cooperate with them for mutual growth based on mutual respect.2. We do not impose unreasonable or unfair transactions on our partners and comply with laws and regulations designed to prevent unfair transactions.3. We do not exploit our business relationships with partners for personal gain, and contribute to the maintenance and development of a free market economic order by ensuring that the selection of suppliers goes through a fair and transparent process.

Chapter 2. Ethics of Financial Group Members

Section 1. Mutual Cooperation among Group Companies

· Woori Financial Group shall strive to foster synergies between business domains by efficiently utilizing management resources such as personnel exchanges among group companies based on the group's vision and strategy.

1. The holding company shall ensure autonomous management guided by clear goals and fair evaluation of subsidiaries, and actively collect feedback from subsidiaries in group management to maximize group value.2. Group companies shall respect each other and fulfill their roles and responsibilities as group members by adhering to the elevated ethical standards of Woori Financial Group and all laws and regulations governing the behavior of group companies.

Section 2. Work Ethics for Employees

· All employees are well-acquainted with their roles and duties based on our ethical management philosophy, and fulfill their job responsibilities by strengthening their professionalism.

1. Employees shall do their best to embrace an ethical management philosophy and act accordingly. Employees will keep in mind that their individual actions shape the ethical reputation of Woori Financial Group and influence the future of our company. Therefore, employees shall make sound judgments and act properly in accordance with the principles of integrity and trust.2. Employees shall strive to avoid conflicts of interest with the company, and to prioritize the best interests of the company when such conflicts do arise.3. Employees shall refrain from engaging in unfair transactions for personal gain by using undisclosed internal information acquired in the course of their business activities or by providing undisclosed information to a third party without proper process.4. Employees shall not utilize the tangible or intangible assets of the company, including company property, intellectual property rights, trade secrets, etc. for any purpose other than their intended business purposes.5. Employees shall not take advantage of their positions of authority to obtain benefits such as monetary gains or entertainment from stakeholders such as trading companies, nor make unreasonable requests or offer benefits to stakeholders.6. Employees shall not engage in inappropriate behavior including sexual harassment, abuse, or assault through physical, verbal or visual acts.7. Employees of group companies shall strive to establish the positive organizational culture as a member of Woori Financial Group by showing respect and consideration for each other, and refraining discrimination based on affiliation and origin.8. Employees shall not arbitrarily share company information to external media such as the press, but shall provide verified information following the company's due process to preserve the brand's value.9. Employees shall not disclose or utilize the company's confidential information and employees' secrets on personal social media platforms that guarantees anonymity, etc. and enhance the value of the group through our own high ethical awareness.

The Employee Code of Conduct ("this Code") Woori Financial Holdings

Chapter 1 General provisions

Article 1 (Purpose)

The purpose of this Code is to set forth the general standards of conduct required to encourage the employees of Woori Financial Holdings ("the Company") to comply with Woori Financial Group's Code of Ethics.

Article 2 (Scope of application and General Principles)

① This Code shall apply to all employees ("us," "we," "our," "ours") of the Company.② We shall make diligent efforts to thoroughly understand and implement this Code in order to make correct judgments during work performance. In case of any questions regarding the interpretation of the Code of Ethics and this Code, or regarding work procedures, we consult with the Ethics Management Office or the Compliance Department.③ We shall comply with the Code of Ethics and this Code, and shall take responsibility for any violations that occur.

Chapter 2 Employees' Work Standards

§1 Basic attitude

Article 3 (Observance of the laws and regulations and the Company's internal regulations)

① We shall acknowledge that our observance of the laws and regulations should be the basis of all the Company's business activities, and we shall be fully familiar with and comply with the relevant laws and internal regulations during our business activities.② We shall comply with the laws prohibiting money laundering, carry out business as Company employees in accordance with the relevant regulations and procedures, and shall not engage in money laundering either directly or indirectly.

Article 4 (Fulfillment of Duties and Others)

① We shall sincerely fulfill our respective duties in accordance with the Company's objectives and values pursued based on its management philosophy and vision.② We consider honesty and trust as the most important values, and we shall perform all our assignments diligently and industriously using moral and fair methods.

Article 5 (Maintaining decency and dignity)

① We shall always watch our language and behavior. We shall not allow ourselves to become the target of criticism by engaging in immoral acts such as drunk driving or visiting unsound commercial establishments. We shall not engage in any acts that may tarnish the Company's image or demean our dignity as the Company's employees.② On personal social media platforms and anonymous social media, we shall adhere to the following subparagraphs to avoid disclosing the Company's and employees' confidential information or damaging the reputation of the Company or its employees:1. Do not post materials related to the Company, employees, or customers.2. Do not write posts or comments that infringe on the privacy or defame the reputation of employees.3. Avoid using abusive language, sexual expressions, or vulgar language.4. Do not post fake news or information whose accuracy cannot be verified.

Article 6 (Mutual Respect among Employees, etc)

① We shall respect other employees' privacy, refrain from unethical language and/or behavior, and strive to foster a mature organizational culture based on mutual trust and understanding.② We shall strive for personal development and maximize the company's business performance through smooth communication between ourselves.③ We shall share the culture and values of Woori Financial Group ("the Group") based on mutual respect and consideration with subsidiary employees, and enhance knowledge and expertise through active personnel exchanges.

Article 7 (Prohibition of discrimination and the formation of private groups)

① We shall not provide favorable treatment of or discriminate against specific individuals or groups based on their social status, academic background or blood relationships in carrying out business as employees. We shall not form any private groups that may harm unity in the workplace or the Company's development.② We shall not engage in any acts of exerting influence for the benefit of members of a private organization, regardless of the established standards and procedures.

Article 8 (Prohibition of involvement in politics)

① We shall not engage in any act including open expressions of support for a specific political party or candidate that may harm our political neutrality.② While respecting individual employees' right to vote and political views, we shall take care lest individual employees' political views and/or activities be mistaken for those of the Company or the Group.

Article 9 (Prohibition of unfair instructions)

We shall not issue any unfair commands or instructions to other employees, or ask other employees to commit unjust acts. Employees who receive unfair instructions or requests shall not comply with them.

Article 10 (Establishment of Work Discipline)

① We shall not engage in gambling, computer games, virtual asset or stock investment, long private phone calls, the use of messenger services for non-work purposes, or connect to obscene sites during our work hours. We shall not leave the workplace or our designated place or engage in private business during our work hours without permission.② We shall not engage in excessive investment, speculation, or borrowing beyond our financial capacity.

Article 11 (Obligations surviving termination of employment contract)

Upon our retirement from the Company, we shall take adequate steps to return all the company's property and not engage in any act that may harm the interests of the Company or its customers.

§2 Prevention of conflicts of interest

Article 12 (Obligation to prevent conflicts of interest)

① We shall strive to prevent conflicts of interest involving the Company or customers in the business that we carry out, and if performing the business is deemed inappropriate due to a conflict of interest, we shall report to a superior so that another person can handle the business, ensuring it is processed fairly.② Notwithstanding the foregoing in paragraph 1, in the event of a conflict of interest, we shall prioritize the interests of the Company or customer.

Article 13 (Non-engagement in commercial business or additional business)

We shall not engage in any commercial business or work on behalf of any employer other than the Company without obtaining the Company's prior approval.

Article 14 (Matters to be observed concerning outside activities such as lectures/contributions, etc.)

① In the event that we engage in an outside activity such as giving a lecture or contributing an article, in relation to our work, we shall ensure that such activities do not negatively impact the Company by adhering to the following subparagraphs:1. Clearly state that any opinions expressed are personal and not the official stance of the Company.2. Ensure that outside activities do not hinder the performance of our duties.3. Report to the Company if monetary compensation is received for such outside activities.4. Refrain from making definitive statements about uncertain matters or disparaging competitors.② In cases where monetary compensation is received for work-related outside activities, executives must notify the Head of the Ethics Management Office afterward, while employees must register this on the 'Outside Activity Compensation Report' section within the company portal within 10 business days from the date of receiving the compensation.③ If the honorarium, excluding necessary expenses, exceeds 500,000 KRW per month or 3,000,000 KRW annually, employees can either personally donate the excess amount or donate it in their name to a social welfare organization recommended by the Company.

§3 Prohibition of unfair acts of trading

Article 15 (Prohibition of use of undisclosed important information, etc.)

We shall not seek our own or a third party's benefit by using or disclosing non-public material information acquired in the course of carrying out the Company's business as its employee. We shall also comply with related regulations set forth in the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act (hereinafter referred to as the "Capital Markets Act") and control the access of such information to unauthorized parties, except for those who have the right to know such information for the execution of the Company's business.

Article 16 (Prohibition of manipulation of securities prices)

We shall not engage in any acts related to the manipulation of securities prices including the distribution of false information to earn profits or mislead people. We shall comply with related regulations set forth in the Capital Markets Act.

Article 17 (Prohibition on disturbing fair trading practices)

① We shall not engage in any acts that may disturb the order of sound financial trade such as unfairly adding to customers' financial expenses or infringing their rights and interests, etc.② We shall not include, or have others include, false information in any accounting book or records, and shall not engage in any acts that will result in such.③ We shall not engage in all monopolistic or anti-competitive acts. We shall ensure our customers' right for diversity in selection and fair competition in accordance with the prevailing market principles.

§4 Protection of the Company's property

Article 18 (Prohibition of private use of the Company's property)

We shall not use the Company-designated budget or expenses for anything other than the designated purpose. We shall not use the Company's assets for our own private purposes.

Article 19 (Prohibition of violations of the Company's secrecy)

① We shall not engage in acts that infringe on confidentiality, such as leaking the Company's information or documents to external parties for non-business purposes, or requesting confidential information from other employees.② We shall not use any of the Company's business opportunities or information acquired in the course of carrying out business as employees of the Company for our own interest or that of a third party.

Article 20 (Management of Internal Information)

① Only employees with proper authority and responsibility within the Company shall share critical information that, if provided or leaked externally, could significantly impact the Company.② We shall not provide information or documents to other employees who do not have access rights, nor shall we disclose related information in open areas within or outside the Company where unspecified individuals gather.③ We must effectively control access to computers or other storage devices containing the Company's important information to prevent unauthorized individuals from accessing them.④ If we receive requests for interviews or provision of materials from external media such as newspapers or broadcasting stations, we shall enhance the accuracy and reliability of the information by consulting with the department responsible for external media beforehand.

§5 Prohibition on offering/receiving money, valuables, or entertainment

Article 21 (Prohibition on receiving/offering money, valuables, entertainment)

① We shall not directly receive or offer, nor allow any third party to receive or offer, money, valuables, entertainment, special favors, or unjust interests beyond generally accepted social norms from/to an employee of a customer business, the Company, or a subsidiary of the Company, etc. (including sub-subsidiaries and companies controlled by sub-subsidiaries, as well as any lower-level entities in the hierarchical structure, hereinafter referred to as "Subsidiaries").② We shall not directly engage in, nor allow any third party to engage in, the following subparagraphs that may obstruct the fair execution of duties by employees of subsidiaries, or that might unfairly benefit ourselves or third parties:1. Interfering with or influencing personnel tasks such as recruitment, promotion, or transfer.2. Interfering with or influencing the selection of contract parties or the decision to enter into contracts.3. Interfering with or influencing the selection of award or commendation recipients.4. Interfering with or influencing the manipulation of audit results or concealing violations.5. Engaging in any other acts that obstruct the fair execution of duties by employees of subsidiaries.

Article 22 (Prohibition on offering of money/valuables to government officials)

We shall not offer money and/or valuables to government officials either at home or abroad in compliance with the relevant laws and conventions, such as the OECD Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions, the 「Foreign Corrupt Practices Act」 of the United States, the 「Bribery Act」 of the United Kingdom, and the 「Act on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Commercial Transactions」 and the 「Improper Solicitation and Graft Act」and the Group Global Anti-Corruption Laws Compliance Manual.

Article 23 (Transactions with subcontractors; corruption-free contracts)

① We shall not engage in any unfair acts, such as asking subcontractors for money, valuables or entertainment, imposing unjust conditions or offloading expenses on to them, or taking advantage of our superior position. We shall sign and execute corruption-free contracts with our subcontractors.② When selecting subcontractors, we shall adhere to predetermined fair procedures and methods to ensure fair opportunities and reasonable terms for subcontractors, and to justify the legitimacy of discretionary contracts, we shall clearly state the reasons and objectives.③ We shall respect the autonomy and independence of subcontractors and encourage them to faithfully implement and comply with the Group's "Subcontractor Code of Ethical Conduct" to ensure that they also align with the Company's principles and philosophy of social responsibility management.④ We shall not arrange a pre-contract overseas business trip or training sponsored by potential contractual counter-parties before a contract is concluded. For any overseas trips or training funded by external sources, the relevant department shall consult with the Head of the Ethics Management Office in advance according to pre-established procedures.

Article 24 (Prohibition on borrowing money from other businesses or between employees)

We shall not engage in direct or indirect financial transactions, including lending, arranging, guaranteeing, or providing collateral, with clients or among employees (including subsidiaries), regardless of whether compensation is involved.

Article 25 (Fostering of a sound culture concerning congratulatory/condolatory events)

We shall not inform stakeholders, including subcontractors, of our congratulatory/condolatory events in order to receive money. We shall not send or receive an excessive amount of congratulatory/condolatory money between employees or offer congratulations bouquet/flower pot or other gifts on the occasion of an employee's transfer to a new post or promotion.

§6 Prohibition of workplace harassment

Article 26 (Prohibition of workplace harassment)

① We shall treat each other with respect and shall not engage in any physical and/or mental harassment of other employees, regardless of the reason.② We shall conduct vigilant checks at all times to determine whether there is any workplace harassment and exercise special care in communication among employees.

Article 27 (Prohibition of sexual harassment/discrimination)

We shall not tell dirty jokes or engage in acts of sexual harassment/discrimination including making remarks about another employees' body or about fixed gender roles that may offend persons of either gender.

§7 Protection of interests of customers/shareholders, etc.

Article 28 (Customer protection)

① We shall fulfill our fiduciary duty in order to protect our customers' tangible/intangible property including their financial properties, intellectual property rights, and business secrets, etc.② We shall not collect, inquire about, use, or provide information on our customers'financial transactions or their personal credit to a third party without obtaining their prior consent; nor shall we provide information on our customers' financial transactions to a third party or use it for our own private purposes without obtaining their prior consent, unless otherwise required to do so by law.③ When providing financial services utilizing artificial intelligence technologies to customers, we must ensure the accuracy and stability of data, and the transparency and fairness of services to uphold the value of human dignity. We must continuously manage these services to prevent any infringement on customer rights.

Article 29 (Protection of shareholders' interests, etc.)

① We shall engage in reasonable and responsible management and conduct our business fairly so as to protect and maximize the interests of our shareholders and investors.② We shall treat all our shareholders fairly and equally, and shall not provide undisclosed information only to specific shareholders.

Article 30 (Social responsibility; environmental protection)

① We shall engage in our corporate activities based on the philosophy of socially responsible management and take part in social contribution activities to fulfill our obligations as members of the local community.② We shall value the importance of environmental issues, comply with the relevant laws and regulations, and do our best to protect the environment, including the prevention of environmental pollution.

§8 Reporting and Action on Violations

Article 31 (Reporting of Violations)

① In the event that we detect or suspect any illegal or unjust act, we shall report it immediately to the Ethics Management Office and the Compliance Department according to the designated procedure and shall not cover up any wrongdoing.② Reports made under paragraph 1 should aim to prevent fraud and corruption and must not be used to defame others or seek personal gain.

Article 32 (Inspection and Action on Violations)

The Ethics Management Office and the Compliance Department may inspect compliance with the Code of Ethics and this Code by employees. If it is determined that an employee has violated the Code of Ethics or this Code, necessary actions, including disciplinary measures, shall be taken according to the relevant internal regulations.