This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Finance_Indonesia_Bank Mandiri_2024.pdf>

1  Code of Conduct  PT Bank Mandiri (Persero) Tbk.  Bank Mandiri has a code of conduct in place that explains the basic principles of personal and professional  behavior carried out by the Company. The code of conduct applies to all Bank Mandiri employees both  contractual and permanent employees, and applies to all Board of Commissioners and Directors. The  application of a code of conduct is expected to encourage the realization of professional, responsible,  reasonable, appropriate and trustworthy behaviour in  conducting business relationships with fellow co -  workers and work partners.  The Company instils its core values and builds a strong  culture through Code of Conduct as a commitment  to enhancing the integrity of each of its employees in  applying good corpora te governance.  The Code of Conduct contains the Company’s  commitment to its various stakeholders to uphold business  ethics and work ethics of the Company’s personnel. The  Code of Conduct applies to all personnel of the  Company  including the Board of Commis sioners, Board of Directors,  employees and other individuals or  Institutions associated  with the Company’s business, whether in relation to the  business ethics, work  ethics or daily behavior. Every  employee is required to behave in reflection of the  Compan y’s values in  realizing its vision and mission.  The work ethic is an elaboration of the basic principles of personal and professional behaviors that are  expected to be obeyed by Bank Mandiri Personnel. The business ethics are moral principles related to th e  behaviors of the individuals, protection of bank properties, and bank business activities including in its  interaction with stakeholders as the basis for the behavior of the Bank in conducting its business  operations. Those are standard behaviors that ha ve to be implemented in all organizational levels.  Code of Conduct Basic Principles  The main points of Bank Mandiri’s code of ethics contain arrangements for work ethics and business  ethics. The work ethic that regulates Bank Mandiri personnel’s behaviors  covers the following aspects:  1  Benturan Kepentingan  ( Conflict of Interest )  Conflict of interest is a condition in which the Board of the Bank in carrying out its duties and  responsibilities have interests beyond the interests of the service, both concerni ng personal, family or  the interests of other parties so that the Board of the Bank of the possible loss of objectivity in making  decisions and policies appropriate authority that the Bank has given. Therefore, the entire personnel  of the Bank:  1.  Shall avoid  activities that may cause a conflict of interest and report to the direct supervisor if  unable to avoid .  2.  Shall be  prohibited to give consent and or request approval of any loan facilities, as well as special  interest rates or other specificity for :  a.  Himsel f/Herself .  b.  His Family .  3.  Companies where he and/or his family have an interest  4.  Shall be  prohibited to work for another company, unless it has received a written assignment or  permission from the Bank. Board of Commissioners and Board of Directors that follow  regulatory  requirements.  5.  Shall be prohibited to become a direct or indirect partner, either a partner for goods or services  for the Bank.  6.  Shall be prohibited to collect goods belonging to the Bank for personal, family or other outside  interests.  7.  Only allo wed to conduct securities transactions, foreign exchange trading, precious metals,  derivative transactions and other goods for their own benefit in the absence of conflict of interest,  violation of insider trading rules of the Capital Market Authority, and  other regulations.

2  2  Confidentially  1.  Shall be required to understand and maintain the confidentiality of any information, in  accordance with prevailing regulations .  2.  Shall use the information received only for the banking activities.  3.  In providing informati on, must act in accordance with applicable provisions.  4.  To avoid misuse, the dissemination of customer information in the Bank’s internal environment  is done carefully and only to interested parties.  5.  Shall be prohibited from disseminating information to out side parties regarding:  a.  Bank Activities with the Government of the Republic of Indonesia.  b.  Internal policies and Bank work procedures.  c.  Management of Information Systems, Data and Reports  d.  Employee data, whether active or not  6.  Bank business activities, includi ng activities with customers and partners.  7.  Except with the approval of the authorized Bank official or because of orders based on applicable  laws and regulations.  8.  The obligation to maintain special matters that must be kept confidential, still applies to f ormer  Bank employees.  3  Position Abuse and  Gratification  1.  Shall be prohibited from abusing authority and taking advantage of directly or indirectly, from  knowledge obtained from the Bank’s business activities to :  a.  Personal benefits .  b.  Benefits for family mem bers .  c.  Benefits for other parties .  2.  Shall be prohibited from requesting or accepting, permitting or agreeing to accept gratuities  related to his position and contrary to his obligations in accordance with applicable laws and  regulations.  3.  The types of gratuit ies and reporting mechanism will be regulated in separate provisions.  4.  Shall be prohibited from requesting or accepting, permitting or agreeing to receive a gift or  reward from a third party who obtains or seeks to get a job related to the procurement of go ods  or services from the Bank.  5.  In the case of customers, partners and other parties giving gifts in the form of goods or in other  forms at certain times such as on holidays, certain celebrations, disasters and others, if:  a.  As a result of receiving the gift  it is believed that it has a negative impact and affects the  bank’s decision, and  b.  The price of the gift is outside the reasonable limit  6.  Then, the Bank Officers who receive the gift must immediately return the gift with a polite  explanation that the Bank’s  Staff is not permitted to receive gifts. In the case of giving gifts as  mentioned in point (d) above for one reason or another it is difficult to be returned, members of  the Bank’s Staff who receive the gift must immediately report to UPG with a copy to th e Head of  the Work Unit.  7.  In the case of customers, partners and other parties providing promotional items, so long as the  result of receipt of the promotional item does not cause a negative impact, it is permissible to  accept it.  8.  In order to procure goods  and services from third parties for bank services, must try to get the  best price with a maximum discounted price which is recorded for the Bank’s profit.  9.  Shall be prohibited from using his position to borrow from a customer or to borrow from a  customer.  10.  Shall be prohibited from taking advantage of the opportunity to use the Bank’s facilities for its  own benefit beyond those provided by the Bank.  4  Insider’s Behaviour  1.  Bank employees who have confidential information are not permitted to use the informatio n to  take  advantage of themselves, their families or other third parties .  2.  Shall be prohibited from using internal information to make purchases, or trade securities, unless  the information is known to the public.  3.  Shall be prohibited from misusing his posi tion and taking advantage of both directly and indirectly  for himself and others who can influence the decision.  4.  Decision making to sell or buy Bank assets and other services must be done by prioritizing the  interests of the Bank.  5  Bank Data Integrity an d  Accuracy  1.  Shall be obliged to present accurate and accountable data .  2.  Not allowed to book and/or change and/or delete books, with a view to obscuring the  transaction.  3.  It is only permitted to make changes or deletion of data based on the authorization of th e  competent authority in accordance with procedures established by the Bank.  4.  Not allowed to manipulate documents .  6  Banking System Integrity  1.  Must always be  introspective and avoid the involvement of the Bank in criminal activities in  finance and banking.  2.  Must be suspicious of unusual transactions and must take preventive actions in detecting  accounts suspected of being used for activities such as money laundering, terrorism financing,  corruption and other crimes.

3  The business ethics as the basis for the b ehaviour of the Bank’s employees in carrying out business  activities, covers the following aspects:  1  Individual behaviour  1.  Personal integrity  a.  Upholds morals, has self - esteem and strong discipline.  b.  Maintain personal integrity in accordance with applicable  rules, regulations, policies and  systems.  c.  Has a commitment to maintain the Bank’s image and reputation.  d.  Rely on all actions and behaviors on pure conscience.  e.  Act respectfully and responsibly and free from influences that allow loss of objectivity in  carryi ng out tasks or cause the Bank to lose its business or reputation.  f.  Avoid activities related to an organization and/or individuals that enable conflicts of interest.  g.  Both individually and jointly always strive not to be involved in matters that can weaken o r  reduce the integrity of the banking system in Indonesia.  2.  Treatment/Actions of Discrimination  a.  Uphold human rights  b.  Prevent discrimination in all its forms.  c.  Acts of Harassment by Bank Officers must avoid all forms of conduct that violate public order  and mo rality.  3.  Acts of harassment  Must avoid all forms of actions that violate public order and morality .  2  Protection of Bank  Property  1.  Bank property  a.  Always maintains and protects all assets owned by the Bank, both tangible and intangible .  b.  Using the Bank’s asset s only for activities related to the interests of the Bank.  c.  Use the Bank’s assets responsibly including the appropriateness of the designation.  2.  Confidential Information Protection  a.  Protect and prevent valuable and confidential information from loss, misuse,  leakage and  theft .  b.  Do not disseminate reports/information about banks that are not intended to be public .  3.  Intellectual Property of the Bank .  a.  Safeguard  the Bank’s intellectual property  b.  Dedicate competencies held for the interest of the Bank as intellectual  property of the  Bank.  4.  Note and Reporting .  Responsible for the accuracy and completeness of the notes and reports presented  3  Implementation of  Bank Business  1.  Mis - representation  a.  Bank staff representing the Bank in dealing with third parties act according t o their capacity  and authority.  b.  Bank staff representing the Bank provide correct information, documents and reports in the  right way.  c.  The Bank’s Board of Directors avoids actions that can cause misunderstanding from other  parties .  2.  Relations with Business  Partners  a.  Always prioritize the interests of the Bank in dealing with business partners.  b.  Prevent the occurrence of corruption, collusion and nepotism and negative images in  dealing with work partners.  c.  In working with partners, the principles of professional ism and justice are based on good  faith.  3.  Behaviour in Competing  a.  Responsible for creating and maintaining healthy competition in conducting business.  b.  Avoid and prevent unfair ways of competing in developing his career.  4.  Relations with Other Oganizations  a.  can  conduct business contacts with other organizations including competitors as long as  they provide benefits to the Bank.  b.  Avoid all forms of collaboration/ improper alliances with other parties.  5.  Obtain and Use Third Party Information  a.  avoid obtaining confiden tial information from third parties/competitors in inappropriate  ways.  b.  Do not recruit competitor employees with the aim of obtaining confidential information  from competing companies.  6.  Relation to regulators  Adhere to the ethical principles and provisions t hat apply in fostering relationships with  Regulators

4  Compliance to Code of Conduct  Bank Mandiri has a co de of conduct that explains the  basic principles of personal and prof essional  behavior  carried out by t he Company. The code of conduct  applies to all  Bank Man diri employees both  contractual  and permanent employe es, and applies to all Board of  Commissioners and Directors.  The application of a code of conduct is expected to encourage the realization of professional, responsible,  reasonable, appropriate a nd trustworthy behaviour in conducting business relationships with fellow co -  workers and work partners.  Dissemination of the Code of Conduct  The code of co nduct has been communicated and  socialized to the Board of C ommissioners and its  supporting  aspects,  Directors, officia ls one level below the Board of  Directors and all employees, including  through:  1.  Company Website .  2.  Email administrator delivered to all employees of the Company.  3.  At the time of the signing of the collective labour agreement carried out bet ween the union of the  Company and the management of the Company.  4.  Standing banners, flyers and other advertising media in the Company’s office area.  In addition, the code  of conduct can also be accessed  at any time by all employ ees of Bank Mandiri through  t he  Bank Mandiri portal  called the Knowledge Managemen  System (KMS).  Effort in Implementation and Enforcement of the Code of Conduct  The employees can r eport alleged violations of the  implementation of t he code of conduct to superiors  through a whistlebl owi ng system mechanism called a  Letter to CEO (LTC).  Any action that has been proven  as a violation of the code of conduct will  be subject to  sanctions in accordance with applicable regulations.  Efforts to implement and enforce the Bank Mandiri code of conduc t are carried out with full awareness in  the form of commitments, attitudes and actions, which include:  1.  Statement of Compliance with the Bank Mandiri Code of Conduct  Bank Mandiri Personnel are required to read, understand well and are required to sign a “S tatement  of Compliance with the Bank to the Code of Conduct” .  2.  Commitment of Management and Entire Bank Mandiri Employees  Management’s commitment and entire employees of Bank Mandiri to not receive money and/or  items of gratuity and/or gifts related to thei r obligations or duties are published through the mass  media and the Company’s website.  3.  Annual Disclosure of Conflict of Interest  Bank Mandiri personnel are required to make annual disclosures related to conflicts of interest each  year, and each work unit  is required to submit a transaction/decision report containing a conflict of  interest every quarter.  4.  Integrity Pact  The integrity pact is signed by executives with authority and all partners/vendors of Bank Mandiri who  are involved in the process of lendin g, procurement of goods and services, and accreditation of  partners. In addition, the signing of the Annual Integrity Pact is carried out by all Board of  Commissioners, Directors, and Executives of Bank Mandiri in an effort to implement gratuity control.

5  A ll Bank Mandiri employees also sign the Integrity Pact for the application of gratuities every 1 (one)  year.  5.  Awareness Program  New Bank Mandiri employees will get the Bank Mandiri Code of Conduct induction program called  the jump start program, as well as  continuous and consistent policy socialization.  Types of Sanctions for Code of Conduct  The  sanctions for Code of Conduct violation are categorized into 3 (three) types, namely minor, medium  and serious sanctions. Every violation of the Code of Conduct will  be subject to sanctions in accordance  with the applicable Employee Discipline Regulations of Bank Mandiri, including criminal sanctions  stipulated in the prevailing laws and regulations.  Types of Sanctions for Code of Conduct Violation  Types of Violations  Sanctions  Minor Sanctions    First Written Admonition    Second  Written Adminition  Medium Sanctions    First Written Warning    Second Written Warning  Serious Sanctions  Firm and Final Written Warning Termination/ Dismissal Employment  Total Violations of Code o f Conduct  In 2023, a total of 326 violations of the code of conduct was recorded with the following details:  Sanctions of Code of Conduct Violations  Types of Sanctions  2023  2022  2021  First Written Adminition  155  134  112  Second Written Admonition  54  62  26  First Written Warning  55  69  47  Second Written Warning  10  19  29  Firm and Final Written Warning  10  11  14  Termination of Employment  42  41  50  Total  326  336  278  The number of violations of the code of ethics based on the categories of sanctions provided  were as  follows:  Types of Sanctions  2023  2022  2021  Minor  209  196  138  Medium  65  88  76  Major  52  52  64  Total  326  336  278


</Finance_Indonesia_Bank Mandiri_2024.pdf>