This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Finance_Indonesia_Bank Aladin Syariah_2023.pdf>

CODE OF ETHICS AND CODE OF CONDUCT PT BANK ALADIN SYARIAH TBK  FOREWORD  At PT Bank Aladin Syariah Tbk (“Bank Aladin Syariah” or “The Bank”), securing the trust of  our stakeholders is paramount. Trust serves as the founda on of every rela onship that the  Bank has with our clients, employees, partners, suppliers/vendors, regulators, investors, and  the community which we belong to. It is embedded into each of our core values:  Help  (sincerely helping fellow  Aladiners , i.e. all members of the Board of Commissioners, Sharia  Supervisory Board, Directors, chief, and all Bank staff; and the community);  Build  (every  product and process are well built and sustainable); and  Grow  (Bank Aladin Syariah is a place  for all to learn and grow together). Hence, we each share a responsibility to earn and  maintain such trust by ac ng with integrity and doing the right thing at all  mes, to allow us  to grow as an organiza on and achieve the Bank’s vision.  This Code of Ethics and Code of Conduct (“The Code”) is our guiding principles to securing  and maintaining the trust of our stakeholders. Con nued adherence to the Code and to the  Bank’s objec ves of fostering a diverse, inclusive and safe workplace is essen al to our  success.  Therefore, I ask you to read the Code and ensure you understand how it applies to your daily  work.  If you have any ques ons or concerns, please consult your manager or other  appropriate contact as described in the Code.  Thank you for all  Aladiners ’ con nued efforts in securing trust and protec ng our reputa on,  which allow Bank Aladin Syariah to keep serving our clients and community with high  integrity.  Dyota Maho ama Marsudi  President Director  PT BANK ALADIN SYARIAH  1 Code of Ethics & Code of Conduct 2023

OBJECTIVES AND SCOPE  The Code is based on Bank Aladin Syariah’s core values and sustainability principles, and is  developed  to assist all  Aladiners  to make the right decisions and take appropriate ac ons  that are consistent with applicable laws, regula ons, standard of ethics as well as Bank’s  policies and procedures. The Code covers all expected behavior and conduct, and is divided  into the following sec ons: A.  Responsibility of  Aladiners;  B.  Responsibility of manager; C.  Conducive working environment; D.  Doing business fairly and honestly; E.  Data privacy and security; F.  Financial crime preven on; G.  Conflict of interest; H.  Sustainability and respec ng human rights; I.  Safeguarding the Bank’s interest; J.  An  fraud; K.  Speaking and raising concerns (including  whistleblowing ); L.  Making a decision; dan M. Sexual violence. The overall objec ves of the Code are as follows: 1.  Provide a clear guideline of expected behavior for all  Aladiners  with regard to  their  rela ons  and  interac ons  with  the  Bank’s  stakeholders:  colleagues,  clients, partners, suppliers/vendors, investors, regulators, public en  es, and  the community in general. 2.  Provide reference for all  Aladiners  in day-to-day decision making. 3.  Mi gate reputa onal and financial risks associated with government fines for  ethical misconduct and/or viola ng the law and regula ons. 4.  In alignment with the Bank’s commitment to sustainability principles and high  standards of ethical conduct.  The Code has been adopted by the Board of Directors of Bank Aladin Syariah, and applies to  all  Aladiners : every Commissioner, Director, Chief, manager, and staff of the Bank.  Aladiners  are required to read and comply with this Code. Other par es performing services for Bank  Aladin Syariah may also be subject to this Code by contract or other agreement.  Failure to comply with this Code, the policies and applicable laws and regula ons will be  viewed as a serious viola on of your terms of employment, and may result in disciplinary  PT BANK ALADIN SYARIAH  2 Code of Ethics & Code of Conduct 2023

ac on, up to and including termina on of employment as per the Company Regula on and  the Bank’s internal policy.  A. RESPONSIBILITY OF  ALADINERS  1.  Act in accordance with the highest standards of personal and professional integrity,  honesty  and  ethical  conduct, while working at the Bank’s premises, at offsite  loca ons, at Bank’s sponsored business and social events, and/or at any other place  where  Aladiners  represent the Bank. 2.  Act in a manner that is fair, transparent, prudent, and dependable. This includes a  commitment to honesty in our interac ons with clients, colleagues, suppliers, and  other stakeholders. 3.  Immediately  report  unacceptable  conduct,  and  promptly escalate viola ons or  poten al  viola ons  of  law,  regula on,  rule,  or  breaches  of  policy,  standard,  procedure, or this Code. 4.  Fully cooperate with any inves ga on into alleged viola ons of laws, regula ons,  rules, or breaches of policy, standard, procedure, or this Code and be truthful and  forthcoming during such inves ga on.  B. RESPONSIBILITY OF MANAGER  1.  A manager is someone who manages, directs, and coordinates his/her subordinates  to achieve the set objec ve of the Bank/respec ve department. 2.  Encourage his/her subordinates to work collabora vely. 3.  Remind his/her subordinates of the importance of trea ng each other with respect. 4.  Encourage his/her subordinates to speak up and raise concerns, especially about  poten al legal or ethical issues, and foster a work environment where they feel  comfortable doing so. 5.  Listen to his/her subordinates who raise concerns and take their concerns seriously. 6.  Ensure all concerns are properly resolved or promptly escalated through appropriate  channels. 7.  A manager must always act exclusively in the interests of the Bank and not be guided  by personal interests when exercising influence, power or authority over his/her  subordinate. As such, a manager is not allowed to abuse his/her authority or put  his/her subordinate in a condi on that can cause a conflict of interest. Abuse of  authority is defined as the improper use of a posi on of influence, power, or  authority against another person.  PT BANK ALADIN SYARIAH  3 Code of Ethics & Code of Conduct 2023

C. CONDUCIVE WORKING ENVIRONMENT  1.  Treat colleagues with respect and dignity. 2.  Work together without discrimina on based on race, gender, ethnicity, religion, age,  disability, marital status, ci zenship, or any other characteris cs protected by the law  of the Republic of Indonesia. 3.  Comply  with  all  applicable  laws  and regula ons pertaining to providing equal  opportunity and career opportuni es for all  Aladiners . 4.  Always strive to resolve employment-related disputes as quickly and as confiden ally  as possible, in a manner that is respec ul to  Aladiners . 5.  Do not tolerate any retalia on against anyone for making an employment-related  complaint  or  coopera ng  with  an  inves ga on  related  to  discrimina on  or  harassment.  D. DOING BUSINESS FAIRLY AND HONESTLY Fair Treatment  1.  Not engage in unfair, decep ve, or abusive acts and prac ces, such as manipula on,  concealment, abuse of confiden al informa on, or misrepresenta on of material  facts. 2.  Provide fair and equitable access to products, services, facili es and privileges  provided by the Bank, and make decisions regarding their provision based on  objec ve criteria. 3.  Inform customers and poten al customers about op ons that may be appropriate for  them, and explain terms and features in a fair and balanced way. 4.  Listen carefully to any feedback from those doing business with the Bank and  promptly escalate that feedback as appropriate. 5.  Approve or award contracts, work orders, or commitments based on objec ve  business standards, in accordance with the applicable law and regula ons, as well as  the Bank’s policies and procedures. 6.  Not allowed to offer or conduct any forms of bribery to any third party in order to  obtain business for the Bank. Every commission or any other payment, favorable  terms, or other terms that are provided by each  Aladiners  in conduc ng business for  the Bank must be aligned with the Bank’s policy or procedure that is informed from   me to  me and well documented in wri ng.  Fair Compe  on  1.  Protect the Bank and the interests of clients by abiding by all compe  on and  an trust law and regula ons.  PT BANK ALADIN SYARIAH  4 Code of Ethics & Code of Conduct 2023

2.  Avoid situa ons that create any poten al for unlawful an -compe  ve or collusive  conduct. 3.  Immediately stop any conversa on in which a compe tor, client, or third party with  whom Bank Aladin Syariah does business, tries to engage in an -compe  ve or  collusive conduct.  Supplier/Vendor Rela onships  1.  Only  engage  with suppliers or vendors who are in compliance with laws and  regula ons related to labor and environment, as well as uphold ethical business  prac ces and human rights. 2.  Ensure that all third-party ac vity is conducted in compliance with applicable laws,  rules, regula ons, policies, sharia principles, and the Bank’s expecta ons of conduct. 3.  Ensure equal and fair treatment during the supplier selec on process. 4.  Provide compe  ve bidding opportuni es to diverse suppliers, where available. 5.  Purchase all goods and services based on price, quality, availability, terms, and  service. 6.  Not lead suppliers or vendors to believe that they can inappropriately influence any  procurement decisions at the Bank. 7.  Avoid real or perceived conflicts of interest in the procurement process. When there  are poten al conflicts, promptly disclose them. 8.  Act in accordance with data privacy requirements and with appropriate judgment  when responding to supplier informa on requests.  E. DATA SECURITY AND PRIVACY  1.  Ensure that all records of the Bank’s opera onal ac vi es are complete and accurate,  and  kept  for  a  certain  period  of   me  based  on  the  prevailing  regulatory  requirements. 2.  Aladiners  who are granted with or have the access to certain informa on and data in  any forms, including opinion, be it in wri ng, oral, graphic, magne c, electronic,  and/or  in other forms, either directly or indirectly submi ed by, shared with,  obtained or acknowledged by  Aladiners , anything that is classified as confiden al,  either marked as ‘confiden al’ or not, either s ll considered as opinion or decision  that is related/unrelated to the Bank and the Bank’s affilia on, including but not  limited to informa on pertaining to subsidiary, holding company, and the Bank’s  group company, as well as other en  es that are considered as the Bank’s affiliates  as per the law and regula ons (“ Affiliates ”), including but not limited to informa on  about the Affiliate, its agent, its customers, its employees, its suppliers/vendors, its  advisor, its consultant, its partner, and the customers of the Bank and its affiliates, its  opera ons  and  business  ac vi es,  personal  data,  financial  data,  trade  secret,  technology, product, service, process, data, plan and business approach, promo on  PT BANK ALADIN SYARIAH  5 Code of Ethics & Code of Conduct 2023

and marke ng ac vi es, financial and other business aspects, customer data, data,  system, document either in the forms of paper, electronic, and/or in any other forms,  business details, strategy, business plan, informa on either in the forms of consumer  technology and/or research informa on, design model, algorithm model, computer  program, so ware, sistem, process, formula on and other instruments, agendas of a  series of discussions or other ac vi es that are performed by  Aladiners  and the Bank  including the Bank’s Affiliates, all communica ons between  Aladiners  and the Bank  including the Bank’s Affiliates, either orally or in wri ng that is known or supposed to  be known by  Aladiners  to be confiden al or belonging to the Bank and/or the Bank’s  Affiliates, and is produced in a series of discussion or in other ac vi es performed by  Aladiners  and the Bank including the Bank’s Affiliates, in addi on to any other  informa on that in the future can be classified as confiden al by the Bank and/or the  Bank’s Affiliates (“ Classified Informa on ”). Type of informa on that is not considered  as Classified Informa on is defined as follows: (a) informa on that is already publicly  known by the  me it is disclosed, and not caused by the fault of  Aladiners ; (b)  informa on that is already become public, and not caused by  Aladiners  who violate  the secrecy clause in the Code; (c) informa on that is disclosed to  Aladiners  by a  third party who, as far as the  Aladiners ’ concern, does not violate any obliga on to  maintain secrecy of the informa on, and such informa on can be disclosed without  any limita on; (d) the informa on is already known or independently developed by  Aladiners  without being categorized as Classified Informa on, by which  Aladiners  could provide evidence on such case; (e) the informa on is disclosed pursuant to the  order of a court, administra ve agency, or other governmental body or applicable  law, provided that  Aladiners , as requested by the Bank, ini ates reasonable efforts to  limit such disclosure as per the necessary requirements to comply with the order or  the applicable law; and /or the informa on is disclosed upon receiving a wri en  approval by the Bank. Based on the above,  Aladiners  is required to: (a)  protect all Classified Informa on with the highest integrity, and limit the  access and use of such informa on in a reasonable manner and for the  benefit of  Aladiners ’ work at the Bank, in addi on to trea ng all informa on  as  Classified  Informa on,  even  though such informa on is s ll not yet  confirmed, un l a er the Bank states otherwise; (b)  maintain the confiden ality, and protect, treat, and safeguard all Classified  Informa on as if they are part of your own secret; (c)  use Classified Informa on as per the role and responsibility of  Aladiners  in  alignment with the Bank’s business need and in accordance to the applicable  law and regula on; (d)  not to leak, communicate, disclose, share, abuse, and/or perform other  similar ac vi es, including but not limited to installing so ware and clicking a  link, either directly or indirectly to anyone or any party, each Classified  PT BANK ALADIN SYARIAH  6 Code of Ethics & Code of Conduct 2023

Informa on that may be informed to  Aladiners  or will be provided to or  obtained by  Aladiners , without prior approval of the Bank and/or its Affiliates  in accordance with point (c) above; (e)  share Classified Informa on only to those who have the right and authority as  per the applicable Bank’s policy and/or regula on; (f)  keep Classified Informa on only in working device that is used in the Bank as  per the Bank’s applicable internal procedure and/or policy; keep Classified  Informa on in the Bank’s device and/or its Affiliates’ device and/or other  device based on prior agreement between the Bank and/or Bank’s Affiliates  safely  as  per  the  applicable  procedure  of  the  Bank and/or the Bank’s  Affiliates; (g)  not keep all copies of Classified Informa on in any forms, including but not  limited to documents, email, screenshot, notes unless the Bank and/or the  Bank’s Affiliates ask to keep them; (h)  return access and all Classified Informa on to the relevant superior within the  working unit or division upon a change in work func on or termina on of  employment; (i)  be responsible in each disclosure and/or performing other similar ac vi es  with regard to Classified Informa on and is required to ini ate all necessary  ac ons to protect Classified Informa on, and avoid disclosing or abusing or  performing any other similar act of Classified Informa on.  Aladiners  can use  Classified  Informa on  for  work-related  purposes  only  based  on  the  instruc on from the Bank and/or the Bank’s Affiliates; (j)  unless required by the law and approved by the Bank,  Aladiners  is not  allowed to share and/or perform other similar acts including but not limited  to selling and disclosing Classified Informa on to any third party.  Aladiners  is  also  not  allowed  to  reduce,  expand,  revise,  exploit,  copy,  announce,  manipulate, decompile, change or reproduce Classified Informa on, including  but not limited to examples, models, computer program, pictures, documents  or other instruments and containing Classified Informa on, in all forms for  the benefit of  Aladiners  or other par es or for any other purpose except for  the interest of the Bank; (k)  immediately inform the Bank in wri ng in case there is a leak of Classified  Informa on within one day. 3.  When in doubt, assume all informa on received is confiden al. 4.  Comply  with  the  Bank’s  policies  and  procedures  rela ng  to  the  security and  confiden ality of informa on, inside or outside of the workplace. 5.  Respect the confiden ality of informa on from any former employer.  Aladiners  is not  allowed to share nonpublic informa on or intellectual property from any former  employer(s) – or ask others to do so – without the prior consent of the former  PT BANK ALADIN SYARIAH  7 Code of Ethics & Code of Conduct 2023

employer. If  Aladiners  leaves Bank Aladin Syariah, do not share the Bank’s nonpublic  informa on or intellectual property with others. 6.  If  Aladiners  iden fies any poten al viola on or poten al viola on to data security  and privacy based on the applicable policy, procedure and standard in the Bank  and/or  the  Bank’s  Affiliates,  please  inform  the  Informa on  Security  &  GRC  Department, as appropriate.  F. FINANCIAL CRIME PREVENTION  1.  Complete all customer due diligence (KYC) requirements when entering into client  rela onships and, where applicable, individual transac ons to avoid from the risks of  money laundering, terrorism financing, and other financial crimes. 2.  Escalate unusual or suspicious financial ac vity to the relevant department according  to the Bank’s procedures.  G. CONFLICT OF INTEREST  1.  Each  Aladiners  is not allowed to: a.  receive gi s in the forms of cash, securi es, loan,  cket and accommoda on,  or any other facili es from any other party; b.  receive  gi s/gratui es/entertainment  and/or  any  other  facili es  from  a  vendor who has not worked with the Bank under circumstances that would  compromise, or even appear to compromise, the business judgment of  Aladiners ; c.  receive gi s/gratui es/entertainment and/or any other facili es from any  other party who could compromise the capability of  Aladiners  in making  business  decision,  influencing/with  the  inten on  of having  Aladiners  to  perform something or not perform something that is related to his/her job, in  viola on to his/her authority or obliga on and/or  in rela on to the public  interest; and/or d.  making any promises to perform something or not to perform something in  his/her job, in viola on to his/her authority or obliga on, and/or in rela on  to the public interest. 2.  Each  Aladiners  who receives gi s/gratui es/entertainment/facili es not men oned  in the above or is unsure whether the  gi s/gratui es/entertainment/facili es that  he/she received is classified under the pont 1 or not is obligated to declare it to the  Bank by submi ng the Gi  Acceptance Declara on Form. The Bank will then make a  final decision on the gi  based on the Company Regula on and/or Bank’s internal  policy. 3.  Aladiners  is obligated to ensure that any of his/her family member does not receive  any gi s, gratui es, entertainment, and/or any other facili es and/or making any  promises that could compromise or even appear to compromise, the business  PT BANK ALADIN SYARIAH  8 Code of Ethics & Code of Conduct 2023

judgment of  Aladiners,  influencing/with the inten on of having  Aladiners  to perform  something or not perform something that is related to his/her job, in viola on to  his/her authority or obliga on and/or  in rela on to the public interest. A family  member is defined as a person having the rela on with the Employees by blood,  marriage, adop on or legal rela onship including: a.  Aladiners ’ wife/husband; b.  Aladiners’  sibling/in-law; c.  Descendants who are in a straight line from  Aladiners ; d.  Descendants who are in a straight line from  Aladiners’  wife/husband; e.  Spouses from the families men oned in (b), (c), or (d); f.  Straight line descendants from the families men oned in points (b), (c) or (d); g.  Parents, Uncle, Aunt or Cousin of  Aladiners  or of  Aladiners ’ Spouse; and the  Spouses, or the straight line descendants men oned in point (g). 4.  Aladiners  who is in viola on of point 1, 2 and 3 above will be penalized based on the  Bank’s decision. 5.  Do not give any gratui es or facili es to Government officials and their immediate  family members as per the Law Number 31 of 1999 regarding Eradica on of Criminal  Act of Corrup on (“Law on An -Corrup on”) and Law Number 20 of 2001 regarding  Amendment to Law Number 31 of 1999 regarding Eradica on of Criminal Acts of  Corrup on (“Law on Gra fica on”). 6.  Not  engage  in  outside  business  ac vi es  that  are  similar  to, or might be in  compe  on with, any products or services offered by Bank Aladin Syariah, or that  might put the personal interests of  Aladiners  ahead of the best interests of the Bank  and/or our clients. 7.  Aladiners  can become the director of non-profit organiza ons, such as religious  organiza ons; educa onal ins tu ons; cultural, social, welfare, chari es or dona on  ac vi es; as per the approval of the Board of Directors. For the Board of Directors,  the approval must be obtained from the shareholders. 8.  Not allow your outside business ac vi es, or the  me you spend on them, to  interfere with your job responsibili es at Bank Aladin Syariah. 9.  Inform the company, en ty, or other third party with which you engage in outside  business ac vi es that you are an employee of Bank Aladin Syariah. 10.  Do not perform as the executor, administrator, or trustee of assets owned by  customers.  H. SUSTAINABILITY AND RESPECTING HUMAN RIGHTS  1.  Commit to balancing economic returns with environmental and social responsibility. 2.  Iden fy and address the environmental and social impacts of our business ac vi es. 3.  Support businesses that enable sustainable growth.  PT BANK ALADIN SYARIAH  9 Code of Ethics & Code of Conduct 2023

4.  Commit to respec ng human rights including the preven on of child labour, modern  slavery and human trafficking, in making our business decisions and in engaging with  third par es, such as vendors, suppliers and partners. 5.  Strive to do business only with clients and suppliers who share our values with  respect to human rights and use our business rela onships to share best prac ces.  I. SAFEGUARDING THE BANK’S INTERESTS Protec ng the Bank’s Assets  1.  The Bank’s assets are defined as all tangible and intangible assets owned by the Bank  that are beneficially valuable to the Bank. The Bank’s assets include: a.  Financial  assets,  including  current  accounts  and  placements  with  Bank  Indonesia,  current  accounts  with  other  banks,  securi es  investment,  financing, and other financial assets; b.  Fixed assets are defined as recorded assets that fulfill all criteria such as  tangible, have a useful life of more than one year, value per item is equal to or  greater than the determined material value, owned and used by the Bank for  opera onal ac vi es. Examples of fixed assets are leased buildings that are  already  renovated,  vehicles,  computers,  office  furnishings,  supplies  and  equipment; c.  Intangible assets, such as applica on or so ware. 2.  Never use the Bank’s name, logo, a ributes, trademarks, facili es or rela onships for  commercial purposes unrelated to  Aladiners’  jobs at the Bank. The Bank’s assets  should be used only in rela on to conduc ng the Bank’s business, except authorized  by the Board of Directors and/or in-line with the Bank’s policies. 3.  The bank is a poli cally neutral organiza on and does not engage in any poli cal  party or poli cal figure campaign, or contribute to any ac vi es that have poli cal  agenda, including dona on to poli cal par es/figures.  Use of Social Media and Represen ng the Bank  1.  Use social media in a responsible manner: a.  Only post content on behalf of Bank Aladin Syariah in social media if you are  authorized to do so and in accordance with the Bank’s policies. b.  Not disclose any informa on related to the Bank. c.  Refrain from harassing, discriminatory, or retaliatory ac ons of any kind. d.  Ensure your personal use of social media does not interfere with your work  and is consistent with the Bank’s values and Code.  PT BANK ALADIN SYARIAH  10 Code of Ethics & Code of Conduct 2023

2.  Obtain  approval  from the  Excom <excom@aladinbank.id> before arranging or  par cipa ng in mee ngs with representa ves of the media, and before consen ng to  or engaging in any public rela ons ac vity on behalf of the Bank. 4.  Ac vi es that are in need of prior approval from Excom are as follows. a.  Sharing, publishing, pos ng, or linking to any material in wri en or electronic  format that men ons any classified informa on of the Bank. b.  Making speeches, giving interviews, or making public appearances on behalf  of the Bank.  J. ANTI-FRAUD  1.  Fraud  is an act of distor on or omission that is deliberately perpetrated to deceive,  cheat, or manipulate Bank, client, or any other party, and happens within the Bank’s  environment and/or by using the Bank’s facility that is resulted in a loss for the Bank,  client, or other party and/or a direct/indirect financial benefit for the perpetrator. 2.  Commit  not  to  conduct  fraudulent  acts  or  deliberate  negligence,  including  misrepresenta on or embezzlement, or inten on to mislead or embezzle, with the  objec ve of gaining personal advantage or avoiding personal liability. 3.  Commit to abide by all applicable law and regula ons within the Bank. 4.  Commit not to perform any fraudulent acts and to understand that the consequence of such acts would create a nega ve impact to both the Bank and oneself. 5.  Commit to avoid any ac vi es that can facilitate and/or create an opportunity for other par es to commit fraud, either within or outside of the Bank. 6.  Commit to implement and support the overall an  fraud strategy implementa on procedure in a consistent manner. 7.  Commit to report any fraudulent acts that happen within the Bank, either knowingly or uninten onally, to the appropriate channel.  K. SPEAKING AND RAISING CONCERNS (INCLUDING WHISTLEBLOWING)  1.  All  Aladiners  are encouraged to raise all concerns related to possible viola ons of  laws,  rules,  regula ons,  bank  policies,  conflicts  of  interest,  harassment  and  retalia on at the workplace to whistleblowing@aladinbank.id 2.  All  Aladiners  are required to raise concerns related to possible criminal ac vity by the  Bank, other  Aladiners , clients or third par es that are related to the Bank. Criminal  ac vity, for example, includes bribery, corrup on, fraud, market abuse, financing  terrorist,  money  laundering,  and  other  viola ons  to  the  applicable  law  and  regula ons to whistleblowing@aladinbank.id 3.  To provide protec on to a whistleblower in rela on to any devia on/viola on or for  making a complaint, the Bank’s senior management will ensure that any informa on  given is treated with a high degree of confiden ality.  PT BANK ALADIN SYARIAH  11 Code of Ethics & Code of Conduct 2023

4.  Disciplinary ac on, up to and including termina on of employment will be imposed  on  Aladiners  and/or the head of the respec ve unit based on the degree of the  devia on/viola on as per the Bank’s internal policy, Company Regula on and the  applicable law and regula ons. a.  Bank Aladin Syariah does not tolerate any retalia on, discrimina on, or  harassment against the whistleblower. Disciplinary ac on will be imposed  on  Aladiners  who are involved in such acts. b.  Ungrounded allega ons with no support of proof are not tolerated. c.  Disciplinary ac on will be imposed on  Aladiners  who make ungrounded  and/or inaccurate allega ons, or for the purpose of personal interest. d.  Protec on will not be provided to a whistleblower who makes ungrounded  and/or  inaccurate  allega ons,  and  previously  has  been involved in or  performed any inappropriate ac ons.  L. MAKING A DECISION  1.  When faced with a challenging situa on or decision that does not feel right, you  should use the following ques ons to help guide your ac on/decision. a.  Is it in the Bank’s best interest? b.  Is it in the Client’s best interest? c.  Does it comply with the laws, regula ons, the Bank’s policies and the Code? d.  Will it cause harm to the Bank’s reputa on, or to your reputa on? e.  Will it create a conflict of interest? f.  Would you feel comfortable if it was made public? 2.  If  Aladiners  is not sure or answer “NO” to the above ques ons,  Aladiners  must seek  advice  from  the  supervisor,  Compliance  &  Legal,  Human  Capital,  An   Fraud  Management or Infosec & GRC, as appropriate.  M. SEXUAL VIOLENCE  1.  Sexual violence encompasses all acts that are condescending, insul ng, harrasing  and/or viola ng one’s physical body and/or one’s reproduc ve func on, due to gap  in  authority and/or gender rela onship, which led or could lead into psychological  and/or  physical  harm,  including  those  that  affect  the  health  of  someone’s  reproduc ve system and the loss of a safe and op mal working opportunity. 2.  Sexual harassment encompasses all unwanted sexual acts, inappropriate promises of  rewards in exchange for sexual favors, verbal or physical or implicit sexual overtones,  PT BANK ALADIN SYARIAH  12 Code of Ethics & Code of Conduct 2023

or other types of sexual offense that make someone feels offended, humiliated  and/or in midated and disrupts the condi on of the workplace. 3.  Every  Aladiners  is en tled to work in a safe and conducive environment. Therefore,  the Bank views sexual violence (including sexual harassment) at the workplace as a  serious offence.  In this context, the workplace is defined not only as the Bank’s  physical loca on but also includes: a.  Work related social ac vi es, such a recep on organized by the enterprise for  staff or clients, etc.; b.  Conferences, seminars, workshops and training sessions organized by the  Bank, either ; c.  Official business travel; d.  Business meals; e.  Work related telephone conversa ons; and f.  Work related communica ons through electronic or social media. 4.  Examples of sexual violence that happen quite o en at the workplace: a.  Non Physical sexual harassment: all acts of non physical sexual harassment  that  are  directed  towards  one’s  physical  body,  sexual  desire,  and/or  reproduc ve organs, such as: i.  verbal harassment that is considered sexual in nature, offensive jokes,  insul ng one’s private life or physic or appearance; ii.  harassment that is done through visual or gesture; iii.  psychological or emo onal harassment. b.  Physical sexual harassment that is directed towards body, sexual desire,  and/or reproduc ve organs. c.  Sexual harassment that is done through electronic channels: i.  Sexual  in  nature  recording  of  someone  without  the  person’s  acknowledgement or consent; ii.  Transmission of informa on and/or documents that are considered  sexual in nature via electronic channels to unwanted receiver; and/or iii.  Stalking and/or tracing of someone by using an electronic system. 5.  Aladiners  is not allowed to perform and/or facilitate all forms of sexual violence as  outlined in point 4 above. 6.  All incidents of sexual violence must be reported to: a.  whistleblowing channel: whistleblowing@aladinbank.id; b.  local  government  unit  in  the  municipality/regency  that  manages  manpower-related ma ers; c.  Ministry of Manpower; and/or d.  local police authority. 7.  To protect vic ms of sexual violence, the Bank’s senior management will ensure that  any informa on given is treated with a high degree of confiden ality.  PT BANK ALADIN SYARIAH  13 Code of Ethics & Code of Conduct 2023

8.  Bank will provide counseling to vic ms of sexual violence based on the applicable law  and regula ons. 9.  Disciplinary ac on, up to and including termina on of employment will be imposed  on  Aladiners  who is involved and/or facilitate in all forms of sexual violence, based on  the law, Company Regula on and other applicable regula ons.  PT BANK ALADIN SYARIAH  14 Code of Ethics & Code of Conduct 2023


</Finance_Indonesia_Bank Aladin Syariah_2023.pdf>