This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Finance_Korea_Shinhan Financial Group_2026.pdf>

Shinhan Character Applications  신한금융그룹 대표 캐릭터  어플리케이션  2024.04  CODE OF  CONDUCT  FOR  EMPLOYEES

PART 01  Code of Conduct Guidelines for Employees  ShinhanWay 2.0  Introduction to the Group Code of Ethics  Compliance  Reporting System  Ethical Judgment Criteria  PART 02  Group Code of Ethics  At a Glance  Chapter 1 | Our Customers  Chapter 2 | Our Shareholders and Investors  Chapter 3 | Our Communities  Chapter 4 | Our Employees  Chapter 5 | Our Work  Chapter 6 | Our External Communication  Chapter 7 | Our Partners and Competitors  PART 03  Employee Ethics Pledge  C ontents  CODE OF CONDUCT FOR EMPLOYEES

Shinhan Financial  Group,  Korean Finance  Pioneer  ShinhanWay 2.0  Code of Conduct Guidelines  for Employees  PART 01.  Introduction to the Group Code of Ethics  Compliance  Reporting  System  Ethical Judgment Criteria

Customer-centricity, Shinhan’s foremost value,  is built upon a foundation of ‘Trust’.  Shinhan’s vision, "More Friendly, More Secure, More  Creative," is not fulfilled through mere systems or  outward achievements. It is achieved through the trust  earned from the honest judgment and actions of every  employee. Our daily commitment creates the trust that  defines Shinhan.  Our honest judgment and actions represent the  ‘Weight of Shinhan’.  The more our roles become specialized, the greater  impact of each individual can bring. Although it is  difficult to avoid every single wrong practice or choice  that could risk for the entire group, the integrity  shown in each employee's judgment and actions is the  unshakable pride of Shinhan.  Ethics and Compliance are not a ‘Choice’, but a  ‘Foundation’.  Ethics and compliance are the essential principles  underlying all our business activities. Our true  responsibility as Shinhan people is to go beyond  legal compliance—to think once more from the  perspective of our customers and society to earn the  trust of all stakeholders.  ShinhanWAY 2.0  Ethical judgment and responsible behavior are the starting point of  ShinhanWay 2.0 .  In every process of fulfilling  the Group’s Mission,  we strive to achieve the  Group’s Vision by adhering  to Shinhan’s Core Values  and the Group Code of  Ethics, which embodies  these values.  Group Code  of Ethics  ShinhanWay 2.0  is the  standard for thinking and  behavior shared by all  Shinhan people, as well  as the goal that Shinhan  strives toward.  ShinhanWAY 2.0

Right  We value doing what is  RIGHT for our customers  and future generations.  Nimble  We value being  NIMBLE, acting  with flexibility and  efficiency, while  never stopping  learning and always  moving forward.  Different  We respect individual  DIFFERENCES and value  having DIFFERENTIATED  outcomes.  A better world through finance  Easier finance  More comfortable finance  Newer finance  Mission  Core Value  Vision

The ‘Group Code of Ethics’ is  the set of behavioral principles  that all employees of Shinhan Financial Group must strictly  comply with.  Based on this Code, each affiliate may establish more  specific codes of conduct through manuals tailored to their business  characteristics and organizational environment. Such principles  must, at all times, remain consistent with the fundamental spirit of  the Group Code of Ethics.  The Group Code of Ethics applies to all employees of every Shinhan  Financial Group affiliate. It also applies equally to all individuals  involved in the Group's business operations, including dispatched  workers, regardless of their type of employment.  Partner companies of Shinhan Financial Group must comply with  the Group's  'Code of Conduct Partner Companies’  and incorporate  ethical standards that are consistent with the spirit of the Group  Code of Ethics into all aspects of their business operations.  The Group Code of Ethics contains the fundamental standards  of conduct for Shinhan Financial Group, based on relevant laws,  company regulations, and ethical values.  Any decision-making  or behavior that violates the Group Code of Ethics may be  subject to necessary measures, including disciplinary action, in  accordance with relevant laws and internal regulations.  When  determining such measures, external factors such as position or  performance are excluded, and the judgment is made fairly and  strictly based on the act itself and its impact.  Code of Conduct for  Partner Companies  Group Code of Ethics  CODE OF CONDUCT FOR EMPLOYEES 6  Scope of  Application  Consequences  of Violation

The Compliance Reporting System of Shinhan Financial Group  aims to ensure sound and transparent management by establishing  procedures for compliance reporting, as well as matters regarding the  guarantee of the reporter’s identity and confidentiality. If you witness  or become aware of any conduct subject to reporting or situations that  could potentially lead to financial accidents, you are encouraged to  actively utilize the Compliance Reporting System. Reporting Entities  Any employee who has personally experienced an illegal or unfair act,  or who is aware of the potential for such an act to occur, may report  the facts through the Compliance Reporting System, regardless of their  position, affiliation, or type of employment. Reporting Scope  •  Matters concerning violations of relevant laws, regulations, or the  Code of Ethics  •  Matters concerning illegal or unfair acts related to accounting,  internal accounting controls, and auditing  •  Acts that cause financial loss or undermine public credibility through  illegal or improper business processing  •  Matters concerning the occurrence or concealment of financial  accidents  •  Cases where there is a potential risk of any of the above occurring  Compliance Reporting System  PART 01. Code of Conduct Guidelines for Employees  7  ※ Each affiliate may define its own Reporting Scope in detail based  on its specific business nature and organizational environment.

Reporting Methods Reporters may submit a report through external reporting channels,  the internet-based reporting channel on the company website,  mobile applications, e-mail, telephone, mail, fax, in-person  interviews, or any other available methods. Guarantee of Anonymity and Protection against Retaliation  The personal information of the reporter and the contents of the  report are  strictly protected as confidential.  The Company does  not tolerate any discrimination, unfair personnel action, or any  form of disadvantage based on the act of reporting.  Necessary  protective measures are taken to ensure that reporters can  report with peace of mind.  Reporters are protected against any  disadvantage through protective measures—such as guarantee  of confidentiality, guarantee of status (prohibition of adverse  measures), personal safety protection, and reduction of liability—  pursuant to the 「Protection of Public Interest Reporters Act」 and  other relevant laws and regulations.  Compliance Reporting System  CODE OF CONDUCT FOR EMPLOYEES 8

Rewards and Recognition for Reporters In cases where a report is recognized to have contributed to increasing  the Company's profits or preventing losses and accidents, the reporter  may be eligible for a separate monetary reward or receive preferential  treatment in their performance evaluation. Reporting Obligation and Good Faith  All employees have an ‘obligation’ to report to the Compliance  Department based on objective facts if they become aware of any  matter subject to reporting, including cases where they have received  illegal or improper instructions or requests from other employees. If this  reporting obligation is violated, disciplinary actions or other measures  may be taken against the employee depending on the severity of the  matter.  The Compliance Reporting System is a mechanism  designed for the early detection and improvement of  organizational risks; it is not a means for punishing  individuals. The identity of the reporter is strictly  protected, and no form of disadvantage is tolerated.  However, responsibility may arise if one remains silent  or neglects a violation despite being aware of it.  Compliance Reporting System  PART 01. Code of Conduct Guidelines for Employees  9

Ethical Judgment Criteria  CODE OF CONDUCT FOR EMPLOYEES 10  Our work is involved with  a series of numerous choices and  decisions to make at every moment.  At every moment of choice  encountered in the course of work, Shinhan people  self-examine  whether their judgments and actions are upright  through the  following questions. These questions serve as the ethical criteria  for thinking once more from various perspectives before making a  decision.  1.  Does my decision or action violate the Group Code of Ethics,  relevant laws, or internal regulations?  2.  Is my decision based only on immediate, short-term gain?  3.  If someone else were to do the same to me, would I still consider it  fair and justifiable?  4.  Would I be comfortable if my actions were made public?  5.  Even if there are no legal issues, could this choice weaken social  trust?  Ethical  Decision-  Making  Checklist

At a Glance  Chapter 1 | Our Customers  Chapter 2 | Our Shareholders and Investors  Chapter 3 | Our Communities  Chapter 4 | Our Employees  Chapter 5 | Our Work  Chapter 6 | Our External Communication  Chapter 7 | Our Partners and Competitors  Group Code of Ethics  PART 02.  Shinhan Financial  Group,  Korean Finance  Pioneer

Group Code of Ethics  At a Glance  •  Providing goods and  services for customers  •  Enhancing work  expertise, duty of care  •  Customer-oriented work  process innovation  •  Respect for the rights and  interests of shareholders and  investors  •  Accounting information  reliability, accurate disclosure  •  Building a warm-hearted  society full of hope  •  Respecting the  human rights  of stakeholders  •  Addressing climate  change, promoting  a low-carbon economy  Our  Customers  Our  Shareholders  and  Investors  Our  Commun-  ities

The Group Code of Ethics, as the fundamental principle of conduct for Shinhan Financial  Group, provides  ethical judgment standards and manuals that all employees must commonly adhere to  in  their work and decision-making processes.  Based on the fundamental premise of complying with relevant laws and internal  regulations, the Code serves  as a guide for how employees should judge and act as  business environments  and situations become increasingly complex.  All employees must  fully understand and faithfully comply with the Code of Ethics.  In cases of violating the Code, or  knowing and yet acquiescing to or neglecting such  violations,  necessary  measures may be taken in accordance with the relevant procedures.  •  Fairness, prohibition  of unjust  discrimination  •  Prohibition of  workplace  harassment  •  Prohibition of sexual  harassment in the  workplace  •  Compliance with the Group's mission,  core values, and laws and regulations  •  Prohibition of accepting gifts,  gratuities, favors, or any other thing of  monetary value  •  Prevention of conflict of interest,  prohibition of revenue-generating  activities  •  Transparency in using Company  assets and incurring expenses  •  Customer information protection  •  Company information protection  •  Company-wide standards for  digital business performance  •  Fair trade with partner  companies, pursuit of  win-win partnerships  •  Fair competition with  competitors, respect for  the free market  •  External  communication  process  •  Neutral stance on  political and social  issues as well  as specific interest  groups  Our  Employees  Our Work  Our  External  Communi-  cation  Our  Partners &  Competitors

We always recommend the most suitable and appropriate products and  services to our customers, and consistently provide simple and accurate  explanations to them.  Any unfair or unjust practices against customers is banned when selling  financial products to customers, and deceptive or misleading advertising is  strictly prohibited.  In the event of a conflict of interest arising in the course of conducting our  business, customers always come first.  Customers are our utmost priority when we  provide our products and services.  1.1  1.2  1.3  Act on the Protection of Financial Consumers  Shinhan Financial  Group  Consumer Protection  Charter  Our Customers 01  01  Principle of  Suitability  02  Principle of  Appropriateness  03  Obligation to  Explain  04  Prohibition of  Unfair Business  Activities  05  Prohibition of  Unfair Solicitation  06  Prohibition of False  and/or Exaggerated  Advertisements  Prohibition of the solicitation of concluding an  unsuitable contract for financial products in light  of a consumer’s status of property, experiences in  acquisition, or disposal of financial products  Notification in any case where the financial product  that a consumer voluntarily intends to purchase is  found to be inappropriate in light of the consumer’s  property status (financial transaction purpose, property  status, past trading experience, etc.)  Explanation of important matters concerning financial  products when soliciting the conclusion of a contract  or when an ordinary financial consumer requests an  explanation  Prohibition of any violation of the rights and interests  of consumers by taking advantage of a seller’s dominant  position  Prohibition of providing any misleading information  when soliciting the conclusion of a contract for  financial products  M a n d a t o r y i n c l u s i o n s a n d p ro h i b i t e d a c t s o f  advertising financial products or the business of  financial product sellers  Six Principles of Business Activities of the Financial  Consumer Protection Act  Chapter 1 CODE OF CONDUCT FOR EMPLOYEES  14

You explained the structure and risks of a high-risk fund product to a customer  in detail. However, from your perspective as an employee, it is clear that the  customer has not fully understood the product's details. Despite this, the  customer insists, saying,  “It’s fine, just fill out the paperwork and proceed  with the subscription quickly.”  Ultimately, you proceeded with the subscription  of the product as requested. A short while later, the customer returns,  claiming  they signed up without truly understanding the product.  Even though there are several products with similar risk levels available to the  customer, you repeatedly emphasize and recommend only  a specific product  that carries a high commission for the company.  From the customer’s  perspective,  this increases their upfront commission burden, yet they are  unaware of this fact.  Protection-type insurance products designed for death benefits are unsuitable for  savings purpose,  as they can result in significant financial loss due to a low or  non-existent Cash Surrender Value upon early termination.  Nevertheless, you  enticed a customer by focusing solely on  the Short-term return Rate  and using  'last chance'  or  'impending sales deadline'  marketing tactics.  What are the right standards that we should  choose to follow?  Take a  moment to  consider.  The sole criteria for all product sales is 'the customer's  understanding and interest.'  Selling a product when the customer does not fully understand it, or  failing to consider the customer's purpose and interest, is an act that  falls short of our standards for customer conduct. “A premature Subscription by the Customer, leading to a  “misunderstanding” “Other alternative options unrealized by the Customer” “The Last Chance?” Hidden Risk Behind It” PART 02. Group Code of Ethics  15

We always endeavor to improve our expertise and effectively manage our  self-development.  Expertise, integrity, and stewardship are the founding principles we abide by  as we faithfully perform our duties in managing customer assets and capital  market operations.  We proactively respond to financial crimes to protect the assets and rights of  our customers.  Our expertise and integrity enhance  customer trust, and we have never lost  sight of our commitment to manage  customer assets. 02  A fiduciary duty is the duty to exercise the degree of care normally  required by a person's occupation as well as social and economic status.  Duty of care is not fulfilled simply by good faith, but by continued  efforts towards job expertise by the employees of financial companies.  Furthermore, duty of care also means due diligence, which refers to the  exercise of prudence to prevent damages spilling over to others or their  property. This necessarily signifies that prior to a transaction, especially in  terms of capital markets and asset management businesses, the person in  charge must be prudent, carefully assessing the associated costs and risks,  and that the Company must have the relevant frameworks* in place.  *  Objective analysis of the purpose of the transaction/project, pre-review of  similar business cases, complete review of paperwork, final proposal based on  comprehensive analysis, and continuous monitoring  • Duty of care in discretionary investment business operations  “Based on the client information that is gathered beforehand, such as investment  objectives, investment experience, risk profile, and planned period of investment,  the appropriate investment method should then be selected and carried out.”  • Duty of Care of Asset Management Companies  “Asset management companies are obliged to fulfill their fiduciary duties  by prudently directing the operation of indirect investment property  under the belief that the collected information is in conformity with the  interests of indirect investors.”  What Is a Fiduciary Duty (Duty of Care)?  Examples of Duty of Care of Financial Companies  2.1  2.2  2.3 CODE OF CONDUCT FOR EMPLOYEES  16

“I Thought I Had Explained It Properly” Employee A sold a product, believing they had  provided a sufficient  explanation to the customer.  However, the information provided was  incorrect and had already been changed.  Although there was no malicious  intent on the employee's part,  the incorrect explanation influenced the  customer's judgment.  ※ The ‘Duty of Care’  is not waived  simply because one  ‘explained in good  faith.’  Accurately recognizing the core contents and precautions of financial  products to utilize our professional expertise as financiers is the foundation  of the Duty of Care. It is also the methodology for Shinhan Financial Group’s  mission:  "Compassionate Finance, Your Companion for the Future."  We listen to customer feedback and strive to address any and all complaints  as quickly as possible.  We strive to improve customer convenience in all our services and transactions  through customer-oriented process innovation.  We always listen to our customers and  constantly perform customer-oriented  process innovation. 03  3.1  3.2 PART 02. Group Code of Ethics  17

We highly value the legitimate needs and suggestions of our shareholders  and investors to ensure we make the best decisions in consideration of all  shareholders’ interests.  We work to enhance the Group’s corporate value in the long term, rather than  focusing on short-term performance results  We produce all accounting information and documents accurately by  following the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS). Also, we  faithfully operate an internal accounting control system (IACS) to  heighten the reliability of our accounting data.  All information required by shareholders and investors shall be disclosed  in a timely and accurate manner under relevant laws and bylaws.  Any illegal or unfair acts that may impair the reliability of accounting  information shall be immediately reported to the authorities, and the  Group shall handle the reported case(s) strictly in accordance with the  relevant standards.  We act in favor of the rights and interests of  our shareholders and investors.  We manage and disclose all business  performance results and information  transparently and accurately for our  shareholders and investors.  Internal Accounting Control System (IACS)  Our Shareholders and Investors 01 02  Chapter 2  1.1  2.1  1.2  2.2  2.3 CODE OF CONDUCT FOR EMPLOYEES  18

Responsibility toward shareholders and investors goes beyond mere legal  compliance; it involves  ensuring fairness, transparency, and consistency  in the decision-making process.  With the amendment of Article 382-3 of the 「Commercial Code」, the scope  of  the duty of loyalty  has expanded from the  ‘company’ to the ‘company  and its shareholders.’  Accordingly, all employees have an obligation to  protect the interests of total shareholders and treat every shareholder  fairly  when performing their duties. This means that  the rational interests  and trust of shareholders and investors must be substantially considered  during the decision-making process.  If a company’s decisions prioritize short-term performance, internal  convenience, or the interests of a specific group, they may  infringe upon the  interests of the general shareholders and investors, thereby damaging  trust in the company.  Therefore, all employees must perform their duties with the recognition  that  what is "beneficial to the company" may not necessarily be  "advantageous to shareholders and investors," and they must exercise  due diligence in their decision-making.  As an internal control over financial reporting that a company  must have in place and abide by in order to provide reasonable  confidence in the reliability of a company's financial statements, the  Internal Accounting Control System is a process that is continuously  implemented by all members, including senior management and the  board of directors.  The Company must operate an Internal Accounting Control System  (IACS) to provide senior management and shareholders, investors,  and other stakeholders with reliable financial information so that  they can make the most appropriate economic decisions.  What is the Internal Accounting Control System (IACS)?  (External Audit Act) PART 02. Group Code of Ethics  19

We work tirelessly for economic growth and job creation in Korea, and foster  enterprises that pursue respected social and economic values.  We support financial consumers to cultivate healthy financial habits and  promote the financial stability of the underfinanced.  We promote various projects that contribute to the social and economic  values of local communities and their members.  We comply with the international standards set forth by the United Nations  Commission on Human Rights.  Based on Shinhan Financial Group’s Declaration of Human Rights, various  systems have been established and implemented to protect and promote the  human rights of all stakeholders involved in the Group.  We promote diversity in and among people and cultures, and highly value  and embrace our employees, customers, and all members of society who  may come from different backgrounds.  We are committed to building a society full  of hope that shares and prospers together.  We respect the basic rights and human rights  of all stakeholders of the Group, including  customers, employees, shareholders,  investors, and partners.  Our Communities 01 02  Chapter 3  Shinhan  Financial  Group  Hope  Foundation  Social  Responsibility  Report  Shinhan Financial  Group  Human Rights  Declaration  Diversity and  Inclusion  (Shinhan  Financial  Group  Commitment)  1.1  2.1  1.2  2.2  1.3  2.3 CODE OF CONDUCT FOR EMPLOYEES  20

1.  We provide equitable opportunities in recruitment and personnel management  and evaluate based on transparency.  2.  We pursue diversity within the Board of Directors and the senior management  team.  3.  We foster an inclusive culture where every member’s individuality is respected,  and everyone feels a sense of belonging.  4.  We respect the individual identities of all business counterparts, including  customers, and treat everyone with equality.  5.  We actively support the inclusion of the underprivileged so they can share  hope as members of the community.  Our Promise for Diversity and Inclusion at  Shinhan Financial Group ￦  We recognize climate change and environmental issues as important  management factors and are constantly developing and implementing  Group-wide countermeasures.  We proactively identify and systematically manage all risks and  opportunities of climate change.  We leverage climate finance and green finance for eco-friendly businesses,  and all employees participate in a wide range of eco-friendly initiatives.  In order to respond to climate change,  we are actively supporting the transition  to carbon neutrality and a low-carbon  economy through finance. 03  The Group’s  principles in  responding to  climate change  3.1  3.2  3.3 PART 02. Group Code of Ethics  21

Sustainability Report  Under the slogan “Do the Right Thing for a Wonderful World,”  Shinhan is working closely with various stakeholders to realize sustainable growth.  DO THE RIGHT THING  Carbon emission  reduction and  offsets to achieve  zero-carbon emissions  Shinhan Green Way  Increasing green financing  Incubating domestic  start-ups to build an  innovation growth  ecosystem  Hope Together SFG  Increasing social  contribution  through finance  Fostering female leaders  and strengthening respect  for diversity to reduce  social inequality  Protecting financial  consumers  Tightening customer  protectionprotocols  for a Wonderful World  GREEN  Carbon  Neutrality  (Green)  Do the GREEN thing  Do the BRAVE thing  Do the FAIR thing  BRAVE  Cooperation  (Society)  FAIR  Inclusion  (Humanity) CODE OF CONDUCT FOR EMPLOYEES  22

We do not discriminate against anyone based on academic background,  regional background, age, gender, race, religion, marital status, disability, or  political beliefs.  Compensation and evaluations are determined in a fair, reasonable manner,  and equal opportunity is granted to all on the basis of merit and ability.  Strict self-discipline is required to ensure that personal relationships do not  interfere with performing duties in a fair manner.  All Group affiliates respect and cooperate with each other and do not  discriminate against anyone based on their Group affiliation.  All employees are expected to be considerate of each other and show mutual  respect, and they shall not engage in any verbal, physical, or mental abuse  that could cause shame, humiliation, or intimidation to other employees.  We prohibit all forms of workplace harassment that take advantage of job  positions or relationship beyond the appropriate scope of work and cause  physical or mental distress to other employees or deteriorate working conditions.  Any instance of workplace harassment should immediately be reported.  All incidents of workplace harassment shall be kept confidential, and the  Company shall carry out an objective investigation at once to prevent any  recurrence of similar incidents.  We treat everyone fairly and do not  discriminate under any circumstances.  All employees are expected to treat each other  with mutual respect and consideration. Any form of  harassment is strictly prohibited in the workplace.  Labor Standards Act  Our Employees 01 02  Chapter 4  1.1  2.1  1.2  2.2  1.3  2.3  1.4 PART 02. Group Code of Ethics  23

① Take advantage of superiority in rank, relationship in the workplace  ② Go beyond the appropriate scope of work  ③ Cause physical or mental suffering or deteriorate the work  environment (Article 76-2 of the Labor Standards Act)  - Excerpt from the Ministry of Employment and Labor's Manual for Determining,  Preventing, and Responding to Workplace Harassment  In the event of workplace harassment that falls under the above  conditions, the subjected employee constitutes a victim regardless  of the form of employment or the duration of the work contract. In  addition, the place of occurrence of the harassment does not necessarily  have to be inside the Company. If the act of directing or ordering at  work is improper in the generally accepted common-sense view, such  as excessive verbal abuse, it may be considered to be beyond the  appropriate scope of work, and therefore may constitute workplace  harassment.  However, a conflict that arises in the context of personal relations is  unlikely to constitute workplace harassment unless there are special  circumstances in which it was carried out by the performance of the job,  even if it happened between members of the same workplace.  Manual for  Determining,  Preventing,  and Responding  to Workplace  Harassment by  Korea’s Ministry  of Employment  & Labor  (Feb. 2019)  For an act to constitute harassment, it must “It’s a Company Event, So Everyone Must Participate”  Every year-end event, the team leader assigned "talent shows" to new employees and  ordered them to practice during lunch breaks and rest periods. They were even required to  prepare costumes and makeup at their own expense. Before the event, the leader forced  attendance by publicly saying, “Let’s not break the team spirit by skipping the event~.”  In the past, this might have been overlooked with the mindset of “It’s a company  event; new employees should do at least that much.” However, today,  such actions  can be judged as workplace harassment, as they exceed the appropriate scope  of work, cause mental suffering, and deteriorate the working environment  Examples That Can Be Judged as Workplace Harassment CODE OF CONDUCT FOR EMPLOYEES  24

Workplace harassment is an illegal act that deteriorates the working  environment. While we all know it should not occur,  as society and  organizational culture evolve, words and actions that were not recognized  as problems in the past may be perceived as harassment today.  It is essential for all employees to respect one another and adopt an attitude  of thinking once more about how their words and  actions might be felt by others. tPersonal Errands Where Is the Line?u  An overseas branch manager requested a local employee to act as a tour guide and  accompany their family during their visit. In the process, the manager ordered the  employee to pick them up at the airport and handle their personal luggage. Furthermore,  even on days when the manager had personal plans, they repeatedly demanded that  the employee drives them as if they were a personal chauffeur. The employee suffered  mental distress, unable to raise an issue out of fear of potential personnel disadvantages  if they refused the superior's orders, while their personal time outside of work hours was  repeatedly violated.  The act of repeatedly ordering  personal tasks or errands unrelated to work by  exploiting one’s superior position in the workplace  can be judged as workplace  harassment. “We’re Just a Close-Knit Group of Friends”  A group of colleagues repeatedly excluded a specific employee from lunch, citing their  introverted personality as the reason. They glared or sighed whenever they encountered  the employee in the hallway. On the company messenger, they openly exchanged  dismissive remarks, negative rumors, and backbiting. As a result, the employee felt  increasingly isolated and suffered from psychological symptoms, including depression,  anxiety, loss of motivation, and even suicidal ideation.  Collective ostracism and harassment can never be justified for any reason.  The courts have also ruled that "if collective bullying, such as spreading rumors,  ignoring, or slandering, occurs continuously and repeatedly, it constitutes workplace  harassment that causes mental suffering and deteriorates the working environment."  Furthermore, the courts have recognized the liability for damages regarding the  victim's psychological distress. PART 02. Group Code of Ethics  25

Unwelcome touching or sexual advances, sexual jokes or words and actions  that could cause sexual humiliation are strictly prohibited.  In the event of inappropriate language or behavior, the witness shall report  the incident to prevent sexual harassment. In addition, it is necessary to be  attentive not to cause secondary damage by unfounded or malicious rumors.  Verbal abuse or sexual harassment perpetrated by leaders is subject to  stricter disciplinary action by the Company.  The Company shall improve the work environment to ensure a safe and  pleasant work environment for its employees. Management procedures have  been established to prevent risks arising from work, and employees shall  comply with all regulations and procedures set forth by the Company to  ensure a safe work environment.  All forms of sexual harassment in the  workplace are strictly prohibited, and  everyone should strive to create a healthy  work environment.  Equal Employment Opportunity and Work-Family Balance Assistance Act 03  ① When an employer, a superior or a worker causes  ② another worker  ③ to feel sexual humiliation or repulsion  ④ through sexual words or actions by utilizing a position in the workplace  or in relation with work duties, or providing any disadvantages in  employment on account of a disregard for sexual words or actions or  any other demands.  Any form of sexual harassment in the workplace is  unacceptable. Sexual harassment does not necessarily  have to be repetitive or continuous, and even a single  sexual word or action can constitute sexual harassment.  What is Sexual Harassment on the Job?  (Article 2 of the Equal Employment Opportunity Act)  3.1  3.2  3.3  3.4 CODE OF CONDUCT FOR EMPLOYEES  26

“I Thought It Was Just a Natural Gesture” During work, Supervisor A, claiming to operate the mouse for Employee B, placed their hand  over B’s hand to click. On another occasion, A placed a hand on B’s shoulder and pulled them  closer, saying B was blocking the bulletin board. B felt discomfort due to A’s repeated physical  contact. Although A argued that these were natural actions during daily conversation, the court  recognized A’s behavior as workplace sexual harassment.  Whether an action constitutes sexual harassment is judged  not by the “actor’s intent,”  but by whether the recipient feels sexual humiliation or aversion in light of socially  accepted norms.  Even seemingly natural or light physical contact for business purposes  can be classified as sexual harassment if the recipient feels discomfort. “Let Loose and Relax, It’s Just a Team Dinner”  At a team dinner, Supervisor A repeatedly made remarks to Employee B, such as, "Your pants  look so tight they’re about to burst," and "You're wearing the same clothes as yesterday—did you  go straight to work from your boyfriend's place?" While B felt sexual humiliation and discomfort,  A argued that these were just friendly jokes intended to liven up the atmosphere of the dinner.  However, the court recognized A’s remarks as workplace sexual harassment.  Inappropriate words or actions that cause sexual discomfort to others are never  permitted, even at team dinners or private gatherings. “I Only Said I Liked Her/Him... Why Is That a Problem?”  Over several years, Employee A repeatedly expressed one-sided affection toward an employee  of the opposite sex, Employee B, through gifts, phone calls, and dinner invitations. Despite  B explicitly refusing these advances several times, A continued behaviors such as boarding  the same bus after work and following B all the way to their home. B felt extreme terror and  discomfort. The court ruled that A’s behavior exceeded the scope of intimacy allowed in  daily life by social norms, and constituted workplace sexual harassment as it caused sexual  humiliation and aversion.  The continuous expression of interest against the other person’s will can induce fear  and sexual discomfort. PART 02. Group Code of Ethics  27

All employees have  an obligation to proactively identify and familiarize  themselves with the laws, regulations and bylaws related to their  assigned duties.  Before performing any task, employees must verify the  applicable laws, regulations, bylaws and the latest amendments, and carry  out their work lawfully and faithfully in accordance with official manuals  and procedures.  If the interpretation or application of a relevant law, regulation or bylaw  is unclear, employees must  not rely on their own arbitrary judgment.  Instead, they must consult with the designated department to confirm  the correct procedure before proceeding.  The Group’s mission and core values offer guidelines for judging the value  of our work.  We perform our duties lawfully and faithfully based on our extensive  knowledge of relevant industry-specific laws and regulations as well as the  Company’s bylaws.  In particular, we strictly comply with all relevant laws and regulations to  protect financial consumers, prevent money laundering, and fulfill our  obligations under the real-name financial transactions system.  Any questions or uncertainties in the interpretation and application of laws  and regulations in the course of performing job duties shall be immediately  addressed to the relevant department(s).  We perform our duties based on the Group’s  mission and core values in compliance with  all relevant laws and bylaws.  Our Work 01  Chapter 5  Compliance with Relevant Laws, Regulations and Bylaws  1.1  1.2  1.3  1.4 CODE OF CONDUCT FOR EMPLOYEES  28

Anti-Money Laundering (AML) is a critical mechanism designed to protect the trust and  safety of the financial market by preventing financial institutions from being used as  conduits for criminal funds. All employees must strictly comply with the laws, regulations  and bylaws related to AML to ensure that the company’s financial products and services  are not exploited for illegal activities, such as money laundering or terrorist financing.  On the pretext that a customer was unable to visit the branch in person, an employee processed  an outward remittance by filling out the application form as if the customer had been present.  Furthermore, even when the time for periodic Know Your Customer (KYC) re-verification arrived,  the employee, upon the customer's request, bypassed the official verification process and instead  forged the transaction verification form using a copy of the customer's ID already on file. This is a  representative case where an employee prioritized customer convenience unconditionally without  fully understanding the requirements of the relevant laws, regulations and bylaws.  Assisting customers with their convenience is only possible within the boundaries of legal  and regulatory frameworks. When we are thoroughly familiar with the relevant laws,  regulations and bylaws, we can clearly determine the scope of how we can assist our  customers and provide support in a safe and secure manner.  During the process of investing in and divesting from an offshore financial company, an  employee failed to submit an ex-post report of the transaction to the Financial Regulatory  Authorities, as required by relevant laws and regulations. This omission, caused by an  oversight, was only identified later during an internal audit. This serves as a representative  case where a violation occurred because the person in charge failed to fully understand the  reporting obligations mandated by relevant laws, regulations and bylaws.  Violations resulting from a lack of knowledge regarding laws, regulations and  bylaws,  as well as the act of persisting with incorrect procedures under the pretext  of  'standard work practices' while being aware of the violation,  are both strictly  prohibited and will not be tolerated.  Examples of Compliance with Relevant Laws,  Regulations and Bylaws  Examples of Compliance with Anti-Money  Laundering and Regulations  Compliance with Anti-Money Laundering and Regulations PART 02. Group Code of Ethics  29

I have naturally developed a close personal friendship with a contact  person from one of our business partners due to our frequent professional  interactions. While having dinner after work, the topic of travel came up, and  the contact person offered me two plane tickets to Jeju Island, suggesting  we go together. There was no mention of business at all, and it seemed  like a purely personal gesture of goodwill... Is it really a problem to accept  something like this?  Gifts, benefits, or any convenience provided through business  relationships established during the course of work must not be  accepted, even if they appear to be personal gestures of goodwill.  This is because they can influence professional judgment or be  perceived as an improper transaction.  In accordance with our Laws,  Regulations and Bylaws, maintaining strict ethical boundaries is essential  to ensuring our business integrity.  We do not offer or accept any gift, gratuity, favor, entertainment, or any  other thing of monetary value in connection with conducting our business.  We do not offer, solicit, or promise any gift, gratuity, favor, or any other thing  of monetary value, directly or indirectly, in exchange for any illicit profits in  the course of conducting our business.  Gifts, gratuities, favors, or any other thing of monetary value offered in the  course of carrying out legitimate business shall be offered in a reasonable  and justified manner under the Improper Solicitation and Graft Act and  internal standards concerning the provision of property benefits.  We do not offer or accept any gift, gratuity,  favor, or any other thing of monetary value  in connection with our business.  Improper Solicitation and Graft Act 02 ￦ 금융 금융 금융  금융  No employee shall offer, accept, solicit, or promise any form of  advantage (gifts, gratuities, services, favors, facilitating, or any  other thing of monetary value) provided with the intent of an  unlawful or unethical act. “The Very Moment You Think It’s Okay to Accept”  2.1  2.2  2.3 CODE OF CONDUCT FOR EMPLOYEES  30

We do not take unfair personal advantage in connection with our duties. In  the case of a conflict of interest between the Company and individuals, the  Company's interests shall prevail.  Any possibility or occurrence of a conflict of interest in the course of conducting  business shall be immediately reported to the Company, and appropriate action  must be taken, such as consulting with a supervisor, person in charge of the  Human Resources Department, and/or the Compliance Department.  We do not use undisclosed or internal information to gain any advantage or  share with a third party for personal profit. In the case of taking advantage of  nonpublic information, the Company may request the return of the profits.  We do not take advantage of our Company affiliation to participate in revenue-  generating activities outside the Company or to engage in any other line of work.  However, the Company may allow this on a limited basis only when such activities  are deemed beneficial to both the growth of the Company and employees.  We do not take personal advantage in the  course of carrying out our duties. In addition,  we do not engage in revenue-generating  activities without the prior consent or  permission from the Company. 03  A conflict of interest arises in situations in which one’s interests  conflict with the interests of the Company or customers  •  When handling a loan for oneself or a family member  •  Providing Company information to a future employer for one’s job replacement or trading  information with a future employer on conditions unfavorable to the Company  •  Making direct and/or indirect investments, such as securities trading, or taking advantage  of Company or customer-related undisclosed information acquired during the course of  carrying out one’s job responsibilities at the Company  •  Making money from lectures, activities as a professor, or an advisor related to work  •  Making money from the writing and publishing of books related to work  •  Making money from the operation of social media sites related to work (blogs, YouTube, etc.)  •  Other for-profit businesses or concurrent jobs at another company  ※ Should an employee wish to engage in for-profit activities such as a concurrent job, they must obtain  prior approval from the HR department, regardless of the relevance to the Company or work.  Examples of Conflict of Interest  Examples of For-Profit Activities  (including concurrent jobs)  3.1  3.2  3.3  3.4 PART 02. Group Code of Ethics  31

“Honestly, No One Will Know” While looking through a colleague's work materials, I accidentally came across internal management  information regarding a specific company’s plans for an Initial Public Offering (IPO) and a Merger  and Acquisition (M&A). Knowing that this information has not been made public, I realized there is a  high probability the stock price will rise. I feel like if I purchase the stocks using a relative’s account  instead of my own, no one will ever find out...  Any investment activities using undisclosed material information obtained during the course  of work are strictly prohibited,  regardless of whether the account is in your own name or  a third party’s. Such actions constitute a grave violation of the Laws, Regulations and  Bylaws, as they severely undermine market fairness and the company's integrity. “I Invest, and I Review”  Credit officer A became aware that the company undergoing a credit analysis was an entity  in which their family had invested. Despite this, A engaged in the credit approval process for  the company without disclosing the conflict of interest or requesting to be recused from the  assignment. Furthermore, without sufficient objective evidence, A appraised the company’s credit  risk as relatively low and submitted an opinion for approval.  Directly performing tasks such as credit analyses, sales, or evaluations, or exerting indirect  influence to create a favorable outcome  when there is a personal interest related to your  duties, can constitute a conflict of interest that undermines the fairness of the decision-  making process.  According to our Laws, Regulations and Bylaws, such actions are strictly  prohibited to ensure the objectivity of our operations. “Even with Good Intentions, Outside Lectures Without Prior Approval Are Subject to Disciplinary Action”  Employee A conducted programming lectures related to their assigned duties at an external  educational institution without obtaining prior approval from the company. The lectures were held  after work hours, utilizing the employee's personal time.  A stated that their purpose was based on good intentions—aimed at self-development, external  validation of professional knowledge, and sharing expertise with colleagues and juniors—rather  than financial gain. However, the failure to follow the prior approval process was identified as a  violation of the "Prohibition of Profit-making Activities and Dual Employment" policy.  Even for self-development or other well-intended purposes, any external profit-making  activity must follow the procedures mandated by the company’s internal regulations, such  as obtaining prior approval from the relevant department. Failure to comply with these Laws,  Regulations and Bylaws may result in disciplinary action or other disadvantages. CODE OF CONDUCT FOR EMPLOYEES  32

“Paid for, but Not Really Spent” Dispatch employees, including Employee A, were provided with  reimbursement for round-trip transportation expenses twice a month.  However, some employees were found to have received these payments  without actually incurring the costs. They did this by paying for  transportation with their personal cards and submitting the receipts for  reimbursement, only to cancel the payments immediately afterward.  Using company funds for personal purposes or submitting false  claims for reimbursement is a grave illegal act that may constitute  embezzlement or fraud. Such actions are serious unethical behaviors  that severely undermine the transparency and trustworthiness of  the organization. All expense claims must strictly adhere to our  Laws, Regulations and Bylaws.  All tangible and intangible assets of the Company shall be used solely for  business purposes.  All expenses of the Company shall also be used appropriately for business  purposes only, and the purpose and object of use shall be transparently  recorded and managed.  The usage record of the Company's assets and expenses is monitored and  subject to disclosure.  All assets and expenses of the Company  shall be used solely for the original  business purposes. 04  •  Selling company assets at second-hand markets or consuming a large  volume for private purposes, such as customer giveaways  •  False claims for expenses used by employees for their own living expenses  •  Allowing family members (spouses and children) to use a company vehicle  primarily for non-business purposes  Examples of Misuse of Company Assets and Expenses  4.1  4.2  4.3 PART 02. Group Code of Ethics  33

Customer information is obtained by due process and used for business  purposes only to the agreed-upon extent.  We thoroughly manage customer information so that it is not leaked or used  unfairly for anything other than business purposes.  In cases where any leakage of customer information occurs or such is  suspected, the relevant department shall be immediately notified with any  necessary countermeasures taken at once.  We maintain customer information safely  and thoroughly to prevent any information  leakage.  Personal Information Protection Act  Real Name Financial Transactions and Confidentiality Act  Credit Information Use and Protection Act 05  1.  All customer information must be collected through lawful procedures  and must be used or shared only for business purposes within the  scope consented to by the customer.  2.  While preventing information leaks from external cyberattacks is  crucial, it is even more important to remain vigilant and conduct  frequent checks to ensure that customer information is not leaked by  internal employees.  3.  When accessing or using customer information, you must always verify  whether a valid legal basis exists for such actions in accordance with  the Laws, Regulations and Bylaws.  Guidelines for the Proper Handling of Customer Information “The Authority Existed, but the Legal Basis Did Not”  Employee A, driven solely by a genuine desire to improve the company's  performance, accessed a merchant management program and entered  business registration numbers to look up the Resident Registration Numbers  (RRNs) of merchant owners. After verifying the products held by these  owners, A shared this personal information through group chats and emails  so that sales staff could utilize it for marketing purposes.  5.1  5.2  5.3 CODE OF CONDUCT FOR EMPLOYEES  34

“The Weight of a Single Screenshot” Despite having no relevance to their assigned duties, Employee A, out of  curiosity, arbitrarily accessed internal reports and official documents of a specific  department stored in the company's system. A captured screenshots of parts of  these documents, transmitted them to a colleague via messenger, and shared the  information through personal social media as well as verbal communication with  external acquaintances.  The company's internal documents, official correspondence, and  confidential materials are core assets directly linked to our organizational  competitiveness.  All employees  must strictly comply with information  security processes;  any unauthorized access, storage, or transmission of data—  whether driven by curiosity or any other reason—is strictly prohibited under our  Laws, Regulations and Bylaws.  We comply with information security processes and keep them under tight  control to prevent information leakage and damage to the Company during the  course of regular business activities.  Any performance of work outside the Company premises or information delivery  in a way other than through official business communication lines shall be  handled with extra caution against potential information leakage.  The Company's confidential and off-the-record information shall not be disclosed  to anyone outside the Company, including families and friends, which applies  even after an employee leaves the Company.  We strictly manage the Company’s valuable  information to prevent it from being leaked. 06  •  Do not input confidential business information into external generative AI services.  •  Do not take photos of work screens with mobile phones or share them with others.  •  Do not disclose your account information (e.g., SWING) to anyone else.  •  Do not store files containing personal information on your PC; if storage is unavoidable, the files must be encrypted.  •  Set complex passwords and manage them uniquely for each site/account.  •  Enable screen savers whenever you leave your desk, and ensure your PC is turned off before leaving for the day.  •  Consult and coordinate with the relevant department in advance before using any programs or customer information  required for business purposes.  •  Do not register your corporate email address on non-work-related websites.  •  Double-check the content of attachments and the recipient's address before sending external emails.  •  Verify the sender's information before opening external emails; do not open, import, or click on emails from unclear  sources, and report them to the Information Security Department.  •  Use the "BCC (Blind Carbon Copy)" or "Send Individually" feature when sending mass emails to external recipients.  Information Protection Practice Guide during Work  6.1  6.2  6.3 PART 02. Group Code of Ethics  35

We take full advantage of innovative digital technologies to deliver easy,  secure, and reliable financial services.  To ensure that every customer benefits from all the available financial  advantages based on digital technology, we continue to improve the  accessibility and convenience of our digital transactions.  We continue to develop innovative financial services through novel and  creative ideas.  We make use of digital technology to  provide the very best financial services. 07  1.  Inputting confidential company information, strategies, or internal  documents into generative AI services poses a risk of such information  being stored or exposed.  2.  Inputting customers' personal credit information into AI may be  regarded as an unauthorized or improper use of information.  3.  AI-generated responses may involve copyright infringement concerns,  which could lead to legal risks if provided to external parties.  4.  Generative AI is prone to errors; therefore, all information must be fact-  checked for accuracy.  5.  Due to financial consumer protection regulations, the financial sector is  held to a higher standard of duty of care when utilizing AI.  Guidelines for Using Generative AI  As digital technologies are pushing the scope and limits of financial  services, the collateral side effects concerning artificial intelligence  (AI) and new technologies are giving rise to social issues regarding  digital ethics. Shinhan Financial Group is determined to make  ethical use of digital technology at all times and will continuously  ensure its safe use to provide customers with the same convenient,  secure financial services they have come to expect.  7.1  7.2  7.3 CODE OF CONDUCT FOR EMPLOYEES  36

All external communication associated with business duties shall be carried out after  consultation in advance with the supervisor(s) in charge and the relevant department(s).  Personal opinions based on inaccurate information should not be misunderstood as the  official view(s) of the Company.  All communication with the media shall be made either through the Public Relations Department  or with prior consultation to improve the accuracy and reliability of the message.  All of Shinhan’s emblems, including the corporate identity, brand identity, and logo,  cannot be used for personal purposes and shall be handled with extra caution so as not  to undermine the brand value.  Individual political and social stances are respected. Nonetheless, in the course of fulfilling  our job duties, we maintain a neutral view of political and social issues and the interests of  certain groups.  We do not provide illegal donations or expenses to political parties or politicians.  In making donations to organizations, specific interest groups, or charities, we comply with all  relevant laws and regulations while also transparently following fair and reasonable procedures.  All external communication should be done with  caution and follow due process.  We take a neutral stance on political and social  issues as well as the interests of certain groups in  conducting our business.  Our External Communication 01 02  Chapter 6  •  Any interview requests made by the media shall be referred to the department in charge.  •  Employees shall draw a clear line between the Company’s official position and personal opinions.  •  Employees shall not disclose any inaccurate figures, projects in the midst of being planned,  or other internal information.  •  If an employee is involved in any social media activities related to the Company,  department, and/or work, they should notify this to their department or team in advance.  Notes for External Communication  1.1  2.1  1.2  2.2  1.3  2.3 PART 02. Group Code of Ethics  37

“He’s a Journalist I Know, So I Think He’ll Write a Favorable Article” A journalist with whom I have a personal friendship inquires about the company’s new  business venture. Although I do not work in the relevant department, would it be okay for  me to provide a brief response based on what I know?  Regardless of personal acquaintance, you  must not respond to media inquiries  based on your own judgment. You must strictly follow the company’s official  communication procedures. “Private Words, Public Interpretations”  Out of pride for their new job, new employee A included the company logo and department  name in their personal social media profile. While being active on social media as usual, A  posted a personal opinion regarding gender conflict, a topic that has recently become a  sensitive social issue.  "I really don't understand the way they behave when it comes to these gender issues. What  on earth are they thinking? Can they truly be happy living like that?"  Employee A believed they were simply expressing personal thoughts in a private space.  The Shinhan CI, BI, and logos may not be used for personal purposes.  Even on  personal social media, extreme caution must be exercised regarding expressions  involving social conflicts or value judgments to ensure that  personal opinions are not  misconstrued as the company’s official position. CODE OF CONDUCT FOR EMPLOYEES  38

“Discounted Prices, Discounted Fairness” While discussing business with a representative from a partner company, we  happened to talk about our personal interests, specifically a certain brand of  products I’ve always been interested in. The representative then says, “I can get  those at an employee discount through a personal acquaintance. Would you like  me to help you with that?” It seems like this level of favor is common practice in  business...  The moment you leverage a business relationship with a partner  company for personal gain, it becomes an unfair privilege that  undermines impartiality. Even small favors can influence professional  judgment; therefore, accepting any form of personal benefit is strictly  prohibited.  Partner companies are selected through fair and transparent processes.  Optional contracts shall be executed based on clear reasons and purposes  following the relevant procedures.  We do not engage in unreasonable or unfair transactions with partner  companies, and we always comply with laws, bylaws, and regulations to prevent  unfair trade practices.  We do not use our business relationship with partner companies for personal benefit.  We are committed to mutually beneficial  partnerships through fair transactions with  partner companies.  Our Partners and Competitors 01  Chapter 7  Monopoly Regulation and Fair Trade Act  Fair Transactions in Subcontracting Act  1.1  1.2  1.3 PART 02. Group Code of Ethics  39

We comply with antitrust and competition laws, and compete in a fair and  transparent manner.  We respect the free and creative market economy and contribute to its  development.  We compete fairly and respect the free  market. 02  •  Employees shall not collude with competitors about pricing, trading  conditions of goods and services, or the production volume of goods, nor  will they exchange internal information with competitors.  •  Employees must not attend any meetings with other companies where  collusion-related discussions may take place by confirming the purpose  of the meeting beforehand.  •  Employees must not be involved in any trading of goods and/or services  with other companies, including Group subsidiaries, at prices that are  significantly lower or higher than the market price.  •  Employees shall not unfairly discriminate against the products of financial  companies that are not part of Shinhan Financial Group.  Notes on the Monopoly Regulation and Fair Trade Act “Conversations at Informal Gatherings”  Following an industry seminar, Employee A had a meal with counterparts from  other financial institutions. During their natural conversation, remarks such as  “Our company is planning to raise commission rates to this level this quarter”  or “Everyone seems to be avoiding aggressive moves lately, right?” were  exchanged. A thought this was just sharing the industry atmosphere, as there  was no concrete agreement or promise made...  Regardless of whether a setting is official or not, the moment  information regarding prices, fees, or transaction terms is exchanged  with competitors,  it can be presumed as a violation of fair trade  laws—irrespective of your intent.  You must never exchange such  information lightly.  2.1  2.2 CODE OF CONDUCT FOR EMPLOYEES  40

I, as an employee of Shinhan Financial Group, pledge to adhere to the Group’s  fundamental rules and principles, and to faithfully abide by the provisions and  stipulations of the Group Code of Ethics and all laws, regulations and bylaws,  including the following provisions.  I always put the interests of customers before everything else in providing products  and services and will do my best to protect financial consumers through process  innovation in favor of customers.  As a member of society, I will actively participate in eco-friendly activities and  strive to increase the value of all stakeholders, including employees, customers,  and partner companies.  I will respect all employees and will not engage in any act that harms a healthy  working environment, including sexual harassment in the workplace, disrespectful  manners in the workplace, or harassment in the workplace.  I will fully comply with the standards and procedures set forth in the Company’s  business and anti-money laundering laws and regulations, and am committed to  establishing sound and transparent financial transaction practices.  I do not engage in improper solicitations nor do I exchange or promise prohibited  workrelated money for any activities. I shall ensure that there is no conflict of  interest between the interests of the Company and the interests of the individual,  and in the event of such a situation the interests of the Company shall prevail.  I do not use undisclosed or internal information to pursue personal interests or the  interests of third parties.  I always keep information/data about the Company and customers secure and  manage that information/data safely to prevent it from being leaked.  In the event of external communication, I clearly distinguish between the  Company's official position and my own personal opinions, and am careful not to  undermine the brand value of Shinhan.  I carry out my job duties and business activities in a fair manner and do not make  unreasonable requests to partner companies.  I fully understand the Group Code of Ethics and pledge to comply with it.  Company :  Name :  Employee Ethics Pledge  01  02  03  04  05  06  07  08  09  10

History  ┃  Shinhan Financial Group Compliance Team (Enacted Sep. 2022 / Revised Dec. 2025)  Inquiries  ┃  Any questions about the Code of Conduct for Employees shall be referred to the  department(s) in charge, and any questions concerning the legal interpretation of  the Code shall be addressed to the Compliance Team of each affiliate.




</Finance_Korea_Shinhan Financial Group_2026.pdf>