This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Insurance_Japan_Sumitomo Life Insurance_2022.pdf>

Sumitomo Life Group Code of Conduct

Message from the President  Yukinori Takada  Representative Executive Officer,  President &  Chief Executive Officer  The Sumitomo Life Group Code of Conduct consists of behavior guidelines for executives  and employees of the Sumitomo Life Group and provides the basis for the entire Group to  conduct ethical and responsible business activities.  Since the environment in which we operate is continually changing, even if the best rule is  determined at a point in time, the definition of what is the best will keep changing with the  changes in the environment. Therefore, it is essential that we have the ability to  comprehend the social environment in a timely and appropriate manner, and exercise  sound judgment. In this regard, the Code of Conduct is especially useful.  The Code of Conduct urges us to check daily whether our behavior is appropriate from  three perspectives: “customers,” “society,” and “coworkers.” This approach allows us to  grasp the orientation of the era, while always being attentive to the perspectives of  customers and society, as we advance steadily, with each of us enhancing his or her  human value.  While individuals’ initiatives, regardless of their positions, are of course important for  cultivating a good corporate culture, managerial personnel are expected to play greater  roles and assume greater responsibility in this regard. First and foremost, top management  should set an example and middle management should demonstrate exemplary behavior  in the course of  daily work.  Considering the nature of the company Sumitomo Life aspires to be, I wish to emphasize  four core values expressed by four Chinese characters, all of which are read as “shin” in  Japanese: “ 信  ( trust),” “ 深  ( depth),” “ 新  ( innovation),” and “ 進  ( progress).” Thorough  implementation of the Code of Conduct is the basis for Sumitomo Life to earn trust ( 信 ),  which, I believe, will lead to depth ( 深 ),  innovation ( 新 ),  and progress ( 進 ).  I urge all our  executives and employees to act in compliance with the Code of Conduct to secure the  trust and confidence of our customers and society.  1

Message from the President  P1  Introduction: What is the Code of Conduct?  P3  Step 1: Understand the Sumitomo Life Operating Policy (Our Mission, Vision and Values)  P4  Step 2: Check Your Behavior Using the Code of Conduct Checklist  P5  Step 2+: If You are in a Managerial Position, Check the Managers’ Dos and Don’ts  P9  If a Problem Occurs  P10  Step 3: Put the Sumitomo Life Group Code of Conduct into Practice  P11  Code of Conduct and Customer - oriented Approach  P14  Contents  2

Introduction  We have formulated the code of conduct for our executives and employees to ensure that they will put our operating policy int o p ractice through  their conduct.  The Sumitomo Life Group has established the Sumitomo Life Group Code of Conduct (Pages 11 - 13 for the contents) as a set of guide lines for  Sumitomo Life Group companies and their executives and employees to follow in a highly ethical manner .  In order to facilitate implementation of the Sumitomo Life Group Code of Conduct, the Code of Conduct Checklist (Page 5) has  bee n established,  which provides common criteria on how each executive and employee should think, decide, and act in the course of daily work.  If  you are not sure,  use the Code of Conduct Checklist to review your behavior. If you are in a managerial position, you have a greater role and g rea ter responsibility.  Take a close look at the Managers’ Do’s and Don’ts (Page 9) and be a role model. (If the Group company with which you are aff ili ated has more  specific guidelines etc., please refer to them, too.)  If a problem occurs or if you have any concerns, it is important that you seek advice or report to your superior etc. without  de lay.  What is the Code of Conduct?  Understand  the  Sumitomo Life  Operating Policy.  Check your behavior  using the  Code of  Conduct Checklist , the  common criteria.  If you are in a  managerial position,  check the  Managers’  Do’s and Don’ts .  P4  P5  P11  Step 1  Step 2  Step 3  Put the  Sumitomo  Life Group Code of  Conduct  into  practice.  3  If a problem  occurs or if  you have any  concerns, seek  advice or  report to your  superior etc.  without delay.  P9  P10  <New>

The Sumitomo Life Operating Policy consists of the  “Management Policy”  at the apex, which is the Company’s corporate philosophy;  the “Sustainability Management Policy,” which stipulates the Company’s universal mission stated in the Management Policy from  a  sustainability perspective; and the “Sumitomo Life Brand Vision” ; and the  “Sumitomo Life Brand Vision”  presenting the “image of  what the Company should be from the customer’s perspective,” which is what the Company aims to become over the medium to long  term.  Management Policy  The Management Policy, which is the Company’s corporate philosophy, was  established in 1952 by articulating the Company’s basic management policy,  which had been maintained unwritten over many years.  In the Management Policy, it is stated clearly that we strive to “contribute to  the advancement of social and public welfare” through the insurance  business. Sumitomo Life’s Management Policy inherits Sumitomo’s  business philosophy, which is based on  Monjuin Shiigaki  (Founder’s  Precepts )  and the Business Principles stated in the Rules Governing the  House of Sumitomo.  Monjuin Shiigaki  is a letter written by Masatomo  Sumitomo, the founder of the House of Sumitomo, some 400 years ago,  that offers guidance on how a merchant should conduct business.  Through the sound operation and development of the  insurance business, Sumitomo Life will contribute to the  realization of a society of affluence , vitality ,  health, and  longevity.  Guided by our purpose of contributing to the advancement of social  and public welfare, we contribute to the realization of a sustainable  society through the honest business operations and efforts to solve  social and environmental  issues, and  aim to be a company that is  trusted and supported by our customers and other stakeholders,  and that grows sustainably and stably.  Sustainability Management Policy  ■ Corporate Philosophy ■  Step 1: Understand the  Sumitomo Life Operating Policy (Our Mission, Vision and Values)  ■ Mission ■  ■ Medium -  to Long - term Vision ■  Sumitomo Life Brand Vision  “Four Advanced Values” to empower the future of our customers  ➢  Consistently and continuously provide advanced consulting and services  ➢  Offer advanced products to enable customers to live vigorously  ➢  Aim at achieving impressive customer service that always exceeds  customers’ expectations  ➢  Provide an evolving support program to encourage a “healthy life” and  “rich and happy golden years”  4  Management Policy  1. Based upon the concepts of coexistence, co -  prosperity and mutual support, we strive to  strengthen and expand our business, while  contributing to the advancement of social and  public welfare.  2. Creditworthiness and steadiness will be the  foundation for the execution of our business.  3. We will always remain composed in judgment  and retain a progressive and indomitable spirit,  responding to changes in our environment and  keeping abreast of the times.

Step 2: Check Your Behavior Using the  Code of Conduct Checklist  The Code of Conduct Checklist has been established, which provides common criteria on how each executive and  employee should think, decide, and act in the course of daily work under the Sumitomo Life Operating Policy.  If you are unsure, check whether your action is in compliance with laws and regulations and other rules, and review  your action from the following viewpoints.  1)  Does  my behavior lead to satisfaction, peace of mind, and is it in the best  interests of “customers”?  •Do I recognize that my behavior has an impact on many customers even if I am not directly  dealing with customers?  •Do I accord priority to customers rather than the interests and convenience of the company  and myself?  2)  Can I explain my behavior to society with confidence?  •Am I taking appropriate action in light of the current circumstances, not simply following our  customary way of doing things?  •Is my behavior socially appropriate and would not cause trouble to customers or the company  even if it were reported by mass media or social media?  3)  Am I considerate of “coworkers” in my behavior?  •Can I say that I would not be ashamed if my family or my loved ones knew of my behavior?  •Will  I  take action if I notice behavior that may be inappropriate (in violation of laws and  regulations or unethical) in my workplace, rather than pretending that I saw nothing?  [Code of Conduct Checklist]  5  New

What is in the best interests of customers?  Everything you do impacts customers.  Now, let’s take a close look at each item on the Code of Conduct Checklist.  •Do I recognize that my behavior has an impact on many customers even if I am not directly  dealing with customers?  •Do I accord priority to customers rather than the interests and convenience of the company  and myself?  [Code of Conduct check 1]  Does my behavior lead to satisfaction, peace of mind, and is it in the best interests of  “customers”?  [Key points to facilitate understanding of the Code of Conduct compliance check]  6  Insurance products accompany long relationships with customers. To make sure that customers can have  confidence in us when purchasing insurance products from us and that we will be of service to them in any  eventuality, Sumitomo Life must earn the trust of society and maintain sound business management.  If even one individual provides benefits that violate laws and regulations or acts in a manner that though not illegal  is socially unacceptable for the sake of immediate customer satisfaction, trust in the company might be lost and it  might even become difficult to continue in business.  It is important that you always endeavor to provide services of which you can be proud before customers, society,  coworkers, and everyone else and with which you can earn trust. Pursuing the best interests of customers leads to  customer - oriented business operations.  If your job involves dealing directly with customers, you must strive to act in the best interests of customers in the  course of your daily work. If your job involves few opportunities to deal directly with customers, do you still  recognize that your job impacts customers? If you do your job in a half - hearted manner, it may cause  inconvenience to many customers and undermine society’s trust in the company. Recognize that your work  impacts many customers and is connected to society’s expectations of Sumitomo Life. All of us should recognize  this reality and act, thinking of customers and society.

Sumitomo Life’s common sense ≠  Society’s common sense  Unquestioning adherence to “unwritten” rules, traditions and customs  “There are no precedents.”  [Code of Conduct check 2]  Can I explain my behavior to society with confidence?  •Am I taking appropriate action in light of the current circumstances, not simply following our  customary way of doing things?  •Is my behavior socially appropriate and would not cause trouble to customers or the company  even if it were reported by mass media or social media?  [Key points to facilitate understanding of the Code of Conduct check]  7  You know “It’s not right. It’s wrong.” but you don’t take any action because “Everyone else is doing it that  way.” or “We have always done it that way.” That isn’t the right attitude.  What is taken for granted at Sumitomo Life (or in your department) may not be correct in light of the  common sense prevailing in society or in the current circumstances or may never have been questioned.  Documented rules and regulations are reviewed to see whether they are appropriate in view of the current  circumstances and updated. However, “unwritten” rules, traditions, and customs may never be reviewed  or updated. The more conscientious the workers, the more obsessed they tend to be with such “unwritten”  rules, traditions, and customs, blindly adhering to them.  In order to rectify this situation, you need to recognize that society is changing and always be skeptical of  “unwritten” rules, traditions, and customs. You must change your mentality.  “It’s impossible because there are no precedents.” You reject an inquiry without proper consideration. That isn’t the  right attitude.  “No precedents” doesn’t mean “impossible.” Cases that were not expected when the rules were established could  arise owing to change in the social environment, etc. If something new arises, you should consider carefully how it  should be treated now and in the future and take action, without being constrained by past rules.

The way of doing work  Be alert when you hear such phrases!  [Code of Conduct check 3]  Am I considerate of “coworkers” in my behavior?  •Can I say that I would not be ashamed if my family or my loved ones knew of my behavior?  •Will I take action if I notice behavior that may be inappropriate (in violation of laws and regulations  or unethical) in my workplace, rather than pretending that I saw nothing?  [Key points to facilitate understanding of the Code of Conduct check]  8  “This job isn’t good enough for us. I’ll have XX Dept. deal with it.” “It’s a bit iffy. I’ll transfer it to  YY Dept.” “I’ll assign this task to Z. I’ll tell him/her that it’s for his/her training.” Are people with  such attitudes capable?  Taking it easy and avoiding work is inconsiderate to coworkers.  Doing work this way is not in the best interests of customers.  Do you or your coworkers use such phrases as those listed below?  Be alert when you use or hear such phrases.  Stop a moment, think, and act appropriately.  ●  “Don’t speak out of turn…”  ●  “It’s good for the company…”  ●  “It reflects the intention of top management…”  ●  “Everyone is doing this…”

Be a role model.  In addition to managers, people  mentoring junior members of a team  should have a perspective similar to  that of a manager and act in a  manner befitting a role model.  1) Be a role model. Be conscious of your behavior so as to ensure it is appropriate for a manager and make business decisions  ethically and objectively.  2) Communicate the details of the Sumitomo Life Operating Policy and the Code of Conduct to your subordinates and vigorously  support your subordinates in the fulfillment of their duties.  3) Cultivate a workplace environment that encourages members to express their opinions regardless of their titles and positio ns.  4) If a problem arises or if you have any concern, swiftly report it to your superior and implement appropriate measures.  5) Strictly refrain from any behavior that could be interpreted as abuse of your position or authority.  (E.g.: imposing inappropriate pressure on subordinates for the sake of the organization or for selfish reasons.)  9  Step 2+: If You are in a Managerial Position, Check the  Managers’ Dos and Don’ts  In the course of daily work, bear in mind that if you, as a manager, make a wrong decision, significant inconvenience may be  caused to customers and society. Acting as a backstop, managers should prevent the occurrence of problems by making  appropriate decisions and fulfilling oversight functions.  [Managers’ Dos and Don’ts] New  In order to inculcate highly ethical standards in executives and employees  based on the Code of Conduct throughout the organization and cultivate a  superior corporate culture, executives and employees who are superiors (in  managerial positions) are required to fulfill greater roles and assume greater  responsibility for their behavior.  When a subordinate comes to report to you, you say, “I am busy. Let’s talk later.” without even looking up.  You may be extremely busy and have to state the fact. But in such a case, you need to follow up the matter.  Subordinates tend to be nervous when talking to their superiors. If a superior shows irritation whenever  he/she is spoken to, subordinates will be reluctant to speak to the superior, seek advice or even make an  important report, with the result that operations will be obstructed.  These situations may lead to major trouble.  Early on in your career, you must have promised yourself that you would never become such a superior.  Recall those formative years and ensure that your behavior is such that you set a good example for your  subordinates.  Subordinates watch their superiors attentively.

If a Problem Occurs  If you notice a problem, such as behavior that violates laws and  regulations or other rules or the Code of Conduct, report it to your  superior and consult him/her or report it through the whistleblowing  system without delay.  It is important that you report any concerns.  Violation of the Code of Conduct  10  If you are a superior and are consulted by  your subordinates, clarify the nature of the  problem and deal with it appropriately from  the perspective of the customer or society,  not for the benefit or convenience of the  company, your department, or yourself.  ○  Violation of laws and regulations or other rules undermines the trust of customers and society.  ○  If you think there is a problem in the company, report it to your superior and consult him/her without delay.  ○  If the problem involves your superior or is such that consulting your superior may be inappropriate, use the whistleblowing s ys tem.  ○  The privacy of whistleblowers and people who seek consultation shall be protected and they shall not receive disadvantageous  treatment because of reporting, consultation, cooperation with investigation, etc.  (However, in the case of false reporting or consultation for the purpose of defamation, a person may be subject to disciplina ry  action in accordance with the employment rules etc. specified separately by each Sumitomo Life Group company.)  In regard to the behavior of your superiors or coworkers, you may be reluctant to report your concerns to a superior  or be a whistleblower.  Nevertheless, you should report the matter to a superior or be a whistleblower. Detecting signs of a problem early  and nipping it in the bud will prevent or minimize damage. If you feel something is wrong or if you have any doubt,  be brave and raise your voice. Your behavior may save the company and will be in the best interests of your  coworkers.  Executives and employees must comply with laws and regulations, other rules, the Code of Conduct, and  rules and regulations, procedures, etc. of the relevant Sumitomo Life Group companies. In the case of a  violation, a person may be subject to disciplinary action in accordance with the employment rules, etc.  specified separately by each Sumitomo Life Group company.  A person will be held responsible for his/her behavior that damages the reputation of and trust in Sumitomo  Life Group companies or undermines their interests.

Step 3: Put the  Sumitomo Life Group Code of Conduct  into Practice  Through the sound operation and development of the insurance business and related businesses, the Sumitomo Life  Group (Sumitomo Life and its subsidiaries) will contribute to the realization of a society of affluence, vitality and longevi ty.  Under this philosophy, the “Sumitomo Life Group Code of Conduct” has been formulated as a set of guidelines for  Sumitomo Life Group companies and their executives and employees to follow in a highly ethical manner. Through the  practice of these guidelines, we aim to become the most trusted and supported company by our customers and society,  and to grow sustainably and stably.  Customers'  trust in us as  the  starting  point of all our  activities  Fulfilling social  responsibility  Free and open  corporate  culture, where  employees  readily embrace  challenges  Creating a  healthy and  enriched  society  Protecting the  global  environment  [Sumitomo Life Group Code of Conduct]  11  1. Basic stance  a.  With our customers’ trust in us as the starting point of all our activities, we will provide optimal services to each and  every person through the sound operation of the insurance business and related businesses. We will provide  accurate and easy - to - understand explanations of the contents of insurance contracts and other important matters.  b.  We will earn the trust and support of our business partners, such as agents, and fulfill our social responsibility  together with them.  c.  We will work to create a company where each and every employee can continuously work with pride, confidence  and enthusiasm and will value a free and open corporate culture, where employees readily embrace challenges.  d.  We recognize our role and responsibility as a member of society, and will contribute to the creation of a healthy  and enriched society, as well as the development of regional societies and international society.  e.  To support healthy lifestyles, we will constantly consider the impact of our business activities on the global  environment and actively work to protect it.

2. Soundness and transparency of management  Mindful of the changing social environment, we will vigorously reflect the voice of the customer and  views and opinions of internal and external parties in our business activities and appropriately  disclose corporate information in an effort to enhance soundness and transparency of management.  4. Strict information management  We will appropriately handle customer information and other important  information that comes to our knowledge in the course of business  within the scope necessary for business execution and for specified  purposes and strictly manage such information to ensure there is no  leakage to external parties. These structures also apply to former  executives and employees of Sumitomo Life Group companies.  12  3. Compliance and risk management  a.  We will conduct fair and honest business activities in compliance with laws  and regulations and internal rules as well as in light of social norms.  b.  If it comes to our knowledge that an act violating laws and regulations or  internal rules has been or is likely to be committed, we will report the matter  to the head of the department or the relevant organization of the head office  or to the contact point at the head office.  c.  We will enhance sensitivity to risks and endeavor to detect risks, prevent  materialization of risks, and appropriately manage risks.  5 .  Prevention  of  internal  collusion  due  to  conflict  of  interest  We  will  strive  to  ensure  that  the  interests  of  customers  are  not  compromised  due  to  conflict  of  interest  between  the  Sumitomo  Life  Group  and  customers  or  among  customers .  As  executives  and  employees  of  the  Sumitomo  Life  Group,  we  will  not  behave  in  a  manner  that  causes  damage  to  customers  or  the  Sumitomo  Life  Group  or  undermines  trust  in  the  Sumitomo  Life  Group  for  reasons  of  self - interest  or  to  benefit  any  third  party .  Personal  information

7. Handling of antisocial forces  With respect to antisocial forces that threaten the order and safety of civil  society, we will maintain a resolute stance and handle them systematically  to reject any relationships with antisocial forces and eliminate them.  6. Respect for human rights and ensuring a good workplace environment  We will respect human rights and will not engage in any unjust discrimination.  We will not behave in a manner that compromises the workplace environment,  such as by engaging in sexual harassment or power harassment.  If it comes to our knowledge that such behavior is occurring at workplaces, we  will deal with the matter swiftly and appropriately.  13  8. Education and training  We will strive to enhance expertise and business etiquette through education and  training so that we can vigorously provide more advanced and appropriate  services and information.  9. Exemplary role in society  Fully aware that we are involved in a business of a highly public nature, we will  strive to fulfill an exemplary role in society. We will strictly refrain from any  behavior that undermines trust in the Sumitomo Life Group.

<Policy on Customer - oriented Business Operations>  Code of Conduct and Customer - oriented Approach  In May 2017 Sumitomo Life established the Policy on Customer - oriented Business Operations in order to reinforce  promotion of customer - oriented business operations from the perspective of pursuing the best interests of  customers. Each executive and employee acting in compliance with the Code of Conduct will lead to realization of  customer - oriented business operations and inculcation of a customer - oriented corporate culture.  1.  Practice of customer - oriented business operations and  inculcation of a customer - oriented corporate culture  2.  Provision of the optimal products and services for customers  3.  Provision of easy - to - understand information for customers  4.  Asset management that supports provision of products suitable  for customers’ needs and stable asset building  5.  Employee education and evaluation systems that contribute to  customer - oriented business operations  6.  Establishment of systems for appropriate management of  conflicts of interest and insurance solicitation management  7.  Initiatives for enhancing the effectiveness of customer - oriented  business operations  14  Sumitomo Life Insurance Company has established the following policy in order to promote  customer - oriented business operations from the perspective of pursuing the best interests of  customers.

June 2022  Prepared by the Customer First Promotion Dept.


</Insurance_Japan_Sumitomo Life Insurance_2022.pdf>