ＳＯＭＰＯ

Ｇｒｏｕｐ

Compliance
Code of Conduct
Keep doing the right thing
until embedded into the culture

※For questions regarding the Compliance Code of Conduct, please contact the department in charge.

Our Pledge
In order to realize the Group's purpose of

Table of Contents
SOMPO Group
Compliance Code of Conduct

3

Guidance on the Compliance
Code of Conduct

7

“For a future of health, wellbeing and ﬁnancial protection,”
we will continue to do the right thing in line
with the Sompo Group Compliance Code of Conduct
as a trusted entity by society, customers, family and

1. Focusing on the Customer

9

friends.

2. SOMPOʼs Purpose
and the Compliance Code of Conduct

10

3. SOMPO Group Compliance

11

4. SOMPOʼs Yes

12

we will refer back to this Code of Conduct to

5. Responsibilities of
the Ofﬁcers and Employees

13

conﬁrm what actions are appropriate as

6. Reporting of Concerns or Problems

15

ofﬁcers and employees of the SOMPO Group,

7. Violation of the Code of Conduct

18

and we will put them into practice

8. Scope of the Code of Conduct

to meet the expectations from

18

9. Speciﬁc Action Examples

19

When performing our daily duties or
when we are unsure of what to do,

our customers and society.

1

2

SOMPO Group Compliance Code of Conduct

Sompo has established the Sompo Group Basic Policy on Compliance
(collectively, "Basic Policy") with the aim of being a corporate group
trusted by society by remaining constantly aware of the important
public mission and social responsibility of its businesses and providing
customers with the highest-quality services and sense of security
through appropriate corporate activities that comply with laws and
regulations, societal norms, and corporate ethics.

SOMPO Group

Compliance
Code of Conduct

The Sompo Group Compliance Code of Conduct (collectively,” the Code
of Conduct”) clearly shows the actions required to ensure that all
ofﬁcers and employees (“Employees”) of the Sompo Group understand
the importance of compliance and act in ways that consider compliance
seriously. All Employees must act in compliance with the Code of
Conduct.
If you become aware of any compliance or ethical concerns or issues by
you or others that violate this Code of Conduct, do not overlook or
conceal them, but promptly notify your workplace supervisor or the
Consultation Desk.

Established 04/01/2010
Revised 09/01/2014
Revised 10/01/2016
Revised 04/01/2017
Revised 08/01/2019
Revised 04/01/2020
Revised 04/01/2023（Guidance）
Revised 04/01/2024
Revised 08/01/2024（Guidance）
Revised 11/01/2024（Guidance）
Revised 04/01/2025

3

4

SOMPO Group Compliance Code of Conduct
1. Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Internal Rules
We will act with integrity and good sense in compliance with laws,
regulations and internal rules, and based on social norms and corporate ethics.

2. Respect for Human Rights
We will respect human rights in every aspect of our business activities.

3. Maintain and Promote a Healthy
and Safe Working Environment

We will aim to maintain and promote a healthy and safe working environment in
which Employees can have peace of mind and demonstrate their abilities fully
without any concerns that threaten their mental or physical safety.

4. Protection of Company Assets
We will only use the assets of the Group for the Groupʼs business activities and
properly protect them.

5. Proper Document Creation and Management
We will properly create and manage documents, emails, and data, etc. related to
our transactions and operations in accordance with laws, regulations and
internal rules.

6. Fair and Free Competition
We will conduct our business under fair and free competition in accordance with
laws, regulations, and internal rules related to Anti-Trust and Anti-Competition.
We will not engage in unfair business practices such as cartels, bid riggings, and
other acts that restrict competition or take advantage of our business position.

7. Prohibition of Bribery
To contribute to the maintenance and development of an orderly free
competitive market, we will promote fair business activities with high ethical
sense and will not engage in bribery.

8. Prohibition of Conﬂict of Interest
Under situations where the interests of Employees conﬂict with the interests of
the company, we will take actions with preference to the interests of the
company in accordance with related laws, regulations and internal rules.

5

9. Protection and Management of Personal
and Conﬁdential Information

We will properly deal with personal information, conﬁdential information that
we obtain and data, etc. that we create in connection with our business in
accordance with laws, regulations and internal rules.

10. Protection of Intellectual Property

We will protect intellectual property possessed by the Group, and will not
infringe it possessed by third parties.

11. Prohibition of Insider Trading

By strictly prohibiting insider trading by Employees, we will ensure investors'
trust in the securities market.

12. Elimination of Relationships with
Organized Crime Forces

We will strive not to have any relationship with organized crime forces, maintain
public conﬁdence, and realize a safe society and sound corporate management.

13. Prevention of Money Laundering
and Terrorist Financing

We will strive to ensure that the Group's products and services are not used to
transfer proceeds from crime, to ﬁnance terrorists, or to proliferate weapons of
mass destruction.

14. Appropriate Political Activities

As a corporation, we will conduct fair business activities while maintaining an
appropriate relationship with politics. In addition, we will clarify the distinction
between public and private regarding personal political activities of Employees.

15. Appropriate Financial Reporting,

Tax Processing Based on Laws and Regulations

We will accurately record ﬁnancial information and appropriately report and
disclose such information in a timely and appropriate manner so that
shareholders, investors, and other stakeholders can make decisions fairly and
equitably, and also aim to maintain and improve tax compliance in accordance
with tax related laws and regulations.
6

How to Use the Guidance
on the Compliance Code of Conduct
The Guidance on the Compliance Code of Conduct provides
speciﬁc examples of relevant matters and reference actions
that all ofﬁcers and employees of the Group companies should
be aware of in order to put the Compliance Code of Conduct
into practice.

Guidance on the
Compliance Code
of Conduct

The Compliance Code of Conduct is something that we should
always be aware of in our day-to-day work. We should
understand it deeply and put it into practice. When in doubt,
we should go back to the basics. Through this cycle, all ofﬁcers
and employees of the Group should work together to build a
culture of doing the right thing.

Understand
the
Code of Conduct

Review regularly
and return to
the basics

Put it into
practice

Speak up
when you feel
something is wrong

7

8

1. Focusing on the Customer
Learning from our Mistakes
The SOMPO Group has been involved in a number of incidents
that have had an impact on society, including non-payment of
insurance claims (2005, 2006), insurance premium
adjustments (2023), inappropriate responses to fraudulent
claims for automobile insurance (2023), and the leakage of
insurance contract information (2024).
With each incident, we have lost the trust of our valued
customers and stakeholders. We have learned ﬁrst-hand how
difﬁcult it is to regain that lost trust.
We will not let our past mistakes fade away, but will face them,
take them seriously, and learn from them.

2. SOMPOʼs Purpose and the Compliance
Code of Conduct
The SOMPO Group has set out its vision in the form of
SOMPO's Purpose, and to achieve this, it has established the
SOMPO Values as the values that all ofﬁcers and employees
should cherish.
The SOMPO Group Code of Conduct for Compliance is a guide
to how all ofﬁcers and employees should act in their daily work
in order to realize SOMPO's Purpose and embody the SOMPO
Values.
With the basic premise of complying with laws and regulations
and internal rules, and acting in accordance with social norms
and corporate ethics, each and every one of us must always
refer back to this Code of Conduct, reﬂect on ourselves, and
do the right thing. Only then will we be able to realize
SOMPO's Purpose.

What we need to do
The incidents that have occurred in the past have been due to factors
such as a lack of awareness of laws and regulations, a lack of customer
protection, and a corporate culture that prioritizes the company's or the
individual's own convenience.
What we need to do is for each of us to understand the
importance of this Code of Conduct, to think for ourselves
without being bound by precedent, and to consider whether we
are considering the customer's perspective and meeting
society's expectations. If we can do this, the direction we take
will naturally become clear.

SOMPO's
Purpose

For a future of health,
wellbeing and ﬁnancial protection

SOMPO's Values
Integrity

SelfMotivation

Diversity

SOMPO Group
Compliance Code of Conduct

Purpose/
Mission

To be cherished
by all ofﬁcers
and employees

Fundamental
Code of
Conduct

Doing the right thing in the eyes of all will lead to the trust of
our customers and society.
9

10

3. SOMPO Group Compliance
We, the SOMPO Group, are deeply aware that business activities
which disregard compliance are not sustainable and that
compliance is a fundamental prerequisite for business
operations. And we are committed to compliance with higher
aspirations as we move toward the society we wish to realize.

4. SOMPOʼs Yes
In our daily work, we need to make various decisions.
However, sometimes we may be unsure of what to do or how to make a
decision, depending on the situation we are in or the interests involved.
If you are in doubt about what action to take in your daily work, or
if you are unsure of how to make a decision, ask yourself the following
questions:

Article 1 of the Code of Conduct states, "We will act with
integrity and good sense in compliance with laws, regulations
and internal rules, and based on social norms and corporate
ethics. As one of SOMPOʼs Values is "Integrity," the SOMPO
Group Compliance, in short, is the pursuit of "integrity."
What does the pursuit of integrity mean?
Even when there are no laws or company rules, you should think for
yourself about what the ethically right thing to do is, whether it
meets society's expectations, and then put into practice the action
that everyone can see is right, without being constrained by precedent.

S O M P O G r o u p Co m p l i a n c e

Are your actions/decisions in compliance with regulations/
company policies and...

do you feel comfortable explaining these openly
and honestly to society?
are you being fair in your dealings with customers
and business partners?
do you feel comfortable telling your family
and friends with conﬁdence?

Trust and Expectations from Customers and Society
Social Norms and Ethics
Laws and Company Rules

If you cannot answer "Yes" to all of the below about your actions,
please pause and reconsider.
Then, consult with your superior, Compliance department,
Whistleblowing or Consultation Desk.
All ofﬁcers and employees must always consider whether your decisions
are appropriate for SOMPO's sustainable growth.

11

12

5. Responsibilities of the Ofﬁcers
and Employees
All Ofﬁcers and Employees
All ofﬁcers and employees, as well as other ofﬁcers and
employees, have a responsibility to carry out their duties in
compliance with relevant laws and regulations, internal rules,
and this Code of Conduct. Please act autonomously with the
following matters in mind.

All Ofﬁcers and Managers
In addition to establishing a compliance promotion system,
of ﬁcers and managers have the following responsibilities in
order to demonstrate leadership in its implementation.

Set an example
Understand and put into practice
From day to day, please read this Code of Conduct carefully and
understand it fully when doing your daily work. If you have
doubts about this Code of Conduct, related laws and
regulations, or internal rules, please contact the appropriate
person in charge such as your superior at the workplace or the
person responsible for compliance at your company and resolve
the doubts.

Please practice behavior that serve as a model for other
Employees in accordance with this Code of Conduct.

Create a comfortable atmosphere
Please foster an organizational culture that promotes consulting
actively and makes it easy for employees to consult about active
compliance and ethics concerns or problems.

Consult others when you are unsure
If you are unsure about a decision you need to make in the
course of your daily work, ask yourself the questions included in
“SOMPOʼs Yes” and consult with your superior, Compliance
department, Whistleblowing or Consultation Desk.

Respond sincerely to consultations
If you receive a consultation about compliance and ethics
concern or problem from a subordinate, etc., please deal with it
seriously and if it is difﬁcult to solve by yourself, please contact
the person responsible for compliance, etc. in your company.

Report any problems and concerns
If you are aware of any violation of laws, internal rules or other
ethics, compliance concerns or problems, do not overlook or
hide them but promptly contact your superior or the
consultation desk etc.

13

14

6. Reporting of Concerns or Problems
（1）Receiving of Whistleblowing and Consultation

（2）Response after Reporting

If you notice any compliance or ethical concerns or problems
that violate the Code of Conduct, such as violations of laws and
regulations or company rules, or acts of harassment, please be
sure to report or consult with someone without overlooking
them by thinking “it's not a big deal” or “I might just be wrong”
or “there's no point in saying anything.”

The company will promptly investigate thoroughly and fairly.

You will never be treated unfairly because you raised
your voice or sought advice.
If you are able to
consult with
your superior

If it is difﬁcult to resolve at your workplace
Or is inappropriate to consult
with your supervisor

Consult
with your
supervisor
immediately

In accordance with
your companyʼs rules consult with:
the person responsible for compliance
the internal Whistleblowing
desk of each company

If you are asked to cooperate in an investigation, please
cooperate fully, do not destroy or falsify related information,
and do not make false statements.
Also, please do not tell the fact that you cooperated with the
investigation or its contents to other parties until the results of
the investigation are published internally and externally.

＜Important points regarding informant protection＞
Personal information is strictly protected
All information received is kept strictly conﬁdential
(except where prohibited by local laws and regulations)
Prohibition of disadvantageous treatment
on the grounds of consultation
It is also possible to consult anonymously

15

16

7. Violation of the Code of Conduct

Having the Courage to Speak Up
You must never ignore any
behavior that violates this Code of
Conduct, such as fraud or
harassment. If you become aware
of a problem, it is important to
consult with those around you
ﬁrst. Having the courage to speak
up about situations that you feel
are “wrong” will protect you, your
colleagues, and the company.

If you violate this Code of Conduct, you may be subject to
disciplinary action, including dismissal, in accordance with the
employment contract, employment rules, and disciplinary
policies of each company.
If an employee is subject to disciplinary action, the supervisor
who was in a position of authority may also be held responsible
for failing to exercise proper supervision.
In addition, the system of reducing or exempting disciplinary
action for informants (a system that reduces or exempts
internal disciplinary action when a violation is voluntarily
reported) shall be determined by the disciplinary action rules
and regulations of each company.

8.Scope of the Code of Conduct
Applicable persons:

All Ofﬁcers and Employees of
SOMPO Group Companies
The term “ofﬁcers and employees” refers to all those who carry
out work under the direction and orders of our company or
group companies, including ofﬁcers, staff, commissioned staff,
part-time workers, etc.
Applicable companies:

All SOMPO Group companies
Each company may formulate its own Code of Conduct,
including the content of this Code of Conduct, in accordance
with the laws, regulations and customs of each country and
region as well as the business. However, it is not permitted to
contradict this Code of Conduct or to relax its content.

17

18

9. Speciﬁc Action Examples

1
Compliance with Laws,
Regulations and Internal Rules
We have listed the situations you
may encounter and the actions
you should take in each situation
for each of the code items. Please
refer to this list relevant to your
business, deepen your
understanding of this Code of
Conduct, use it to check your own
day-to-day actions and put them
into practice.

19

We will act with integrity and good sense in compliance with laws,
regulations and internal rules, and based on social norms
and corporate ethics.

Speciﬁc Action Examples
Familiarize ourselves with laws and
regulations applicable to our businesses as well as their purposes,
and pay attention to developments
(new laws, revisions, etc.) in laws
and regulations.
Pay attention not only to domestic
laws and regulations, but also to
international rules and foreign laws
and regulations that might be applied
to our business.

Always evaluate ourselves whether
industry practices, business practices,
and internal practices are in accordance with expectations of society.
In our relationships with our customers, business partners, agents and
other stakeholders, we will not only
comply with laws, regulations and
internal rules, but also act in good
faith in accordance with social norms
and corporate ethics.

20

2

3

Respect for Human Rights

Maintain and Promote
a Healthy and Safe Working
Environment

We will respect human rights in every aspect of
our business activities.

Speciﬁc Action Examples
Understand and comply with laws
and regulations, internal rules regarding respect and protection of human
rights related to our business that
apply internationally, nationally,
and regionally.
Never be involved in activities contrary
to human rights such as forced labor,
child labor, etc.

21

Respect diversity of all people in
every aspect of our business activities and always interact with other
people with respect and dignity, and
never discriminate unfairly based on
race, color of skin, ethnicity, creed,
nationality, gender, disability, or any
other reason.

We will aim to maintain and promote a healthy and safe working
environment in which Employees can have peace of mind
and demonstrate their abilities fully without any concerns that
threaten their mental or physical safety.

Speciﬁc Action Examples
Understand and comply with laborrelated laws, regulations and internal
rules that apply to each workplace.

Never allow any harassment such
as bullying, violent behavior, intimidation, sexual harassment or abuse of
authority whether physical or mental
both inside and outside the workplace.

Comply with laws and regulations
concerning equality of employment
opportunities and adopt fair and
impartial employment practices.

22

4

5

Protection of
Company Assets

Proper Document Creation
and Management

We will only use the assets of the Group for the
Groupʼs business activities and properly protect them.

We will properly create and manage documents, emails, and data, etc.
related to our transactions and operations in accordance with laws,
regulations and internal rules.

Speciﬁc Action Examples

Speciﬁc Action Examples

Only use company assets (including
intangible items such as logos and
brands) for the Group's business
activities, and never allow fraudulent use, personal use, theft, waste
and damage in regard to them.

23

Never post any comments or information that would adversely affect the
Group's reputation on the Internet
or through social media, etc.

Create accurately and store documents, emails, and data, etc. including records of all transactions of the
Group, business records, based on
facts, and always store such materials in accordance with related laws,
regulations and internal rules.

Discard properly documents, emails,
and data that have passed the storage
period prescribed by laws and regulations and internal rules.

24

6

7

Fair and Free Competition

Prohibition of Bribery

We will conduct our business under fair and free competition
in accordance with laws, regulations, and internal rules related to
Anti-Trust and Anti-Competition. We will not engage in unfair business
practices such as cartels, bid riggings, and other acts that restrict
competition or take advantage of our business position.

To contribute to the maintenance and development of an orderly
free competitive market, we will promote fair business activities with
high ethical sense and will not engage in bribery.

Speciﬁc Action Examples

Speciﬁc Action Examples

Comply with antitrus t and f air
competition laws and regulations
of the countries and regions where
we operate.
Never collaborate with competitors
to engage in unfair practices such
as agreement on prices and selling
conditions of products and services,
assignment of markets, or elimination of speciﬁc companies, etc. from
the market, explicitly or implicitly.
Never conduct unjust bidding transactions.

25

Obtain prices, sales conditions, cost
and proﬁt, etc. relating to products
and services in an appropriate way
and never share competitive information with our competitors or give
any hints about them.
Never act to abuse a superior position in relation to business partners.
Never post any comments or information that would lead to slandering
of other companies on the Internet
or through social media, etc.

Never provide money, entertainment,
gifts, etc. (anything of value including
nonmonetary favors) with the intent to
obtain fraudulent proﬁts in business.
Also, never receive money, entertainment, gifts, etc. in circumstances where
our business decisions may be affected
or in such circumstances where it may
be considered as such.
Comply with regulations concerning
facilitation payments to smoothen
administrative procedures applicable
to the country or region concerned,
and will not make facilitation payments
where prohibited.

Follow the rules and procedures speciﬁed
by each company concerned, when
providing or receiving money, entertainment, gifts, etc. for appropriate
purposes and to the extent deemed
appropriate by social convention.
When choosing an agent in relation
to business, decide whether to accept
or reject such agent by taking into consideration its attitudes and measures
against bribery prevention and its
relationships with public ofﬁcials, etc.
Regardless of the form, when carrying
out lobbying activities or political
contributions/donations to public
officials or related organizations, or
making donations or sponsorships, etc.
to charitable organizations, follow the
internal procedures and the laws and
regulations of each country, and
ensure appropriate checks are carried
out on the other party and necessary
approvals are obtained, etc., so as to
avoid any inappropriate provision of
benefits.

26

8

9

Prohibition of Conﬂict
of Interest

Protection and Management of
Personal and
Conﬁdential Information

Under situations where the interests of Employees conﬂict with
the interests of the company, we will take actions with preference to
the interests of the company in accordance with related laws,
regulations and internal rules.

We will properly deal with personal information,
conﬁdential information that we obtain and data, etc.
that we create in connection with our business in accordance with laws,
regulations and internal rules.

Speciﬁc Action Examples

Speciﬁc Action Examples

Avoid situations where personal
interests conﬂict with company
interests as much as possible.
Never engage in activities that compete with the Group's businesses
or proﬁts or be employed as an
ofﬁcer or employee of a company
or organization that competes with
the Group while employed by the
Group, and never prioritize employment of, or other transactions with,
our relatives or acquaintances.

27

Never use corporate position, company assets including conﬁdential
information, etc., or business opportunities obtained in business for
personal proﬁt.

Only use business conﬁdential information and personal information on executives, Employees, customers, etc. within
agreed purpose and scope and never
disclose such information outside the
company unless permitted to do so by
laws and regulations.
Use and manage information communications equipment such as PCs
properly according to internal rules.

Comply with relevant domestic and
foreign privacy laws and regulations,
such as obtaining the consent of the
individual when required, etc., when
transferring personal information outside
a country or region.
Return all conﬁdential information,
communication devices, IDs, etc. at the
time of termination of employment
relationship with the Group, and never
use or disclose conﬁdential information obtained during employment even
after ceasing employment relationship
with the Group.

28

29

10

11

Protection of
Intellectual Property

Prohibition of
Insider Trading

We will protect intellectual property possessed by the Group,
and will not infringe it possessed by third parties.

By strictly prohibiting insider trading by Employees,
we will ensure investors' trust in the securities market.

Speciﬁc Action Examples

Speciﬁc Action Examples

Never use, duplicate, or sell contracts in relation to
patent rights, copyrights, trademark rights, know-how
or conﬁdential information possessed by the Group
or third parties about business, technology, etc. with
disregard to the business purpose, laws and regulations.

Manage strictly material, nonpublic information about
the Group and other companies, etc., and never buy or
sell securities such as stocks issued by them based on
such information and share or tip inside information to
others or encourage trading based on such information.

30

12

13

Elimination of Relationships
with Organized Crime Forces

Prevention of
Money Laundering
and Terrorist Financing

We will strive not to have any relationship with organized crime forces,
maintain public conﬁdence, and realize a safe society
and sound corporate management.

We will strive to ensure that the Group's products and services
are not used to transfer proceeds from crime, to ﬁnance terrorists,
or to proliferate weapons of mass destruction
(collectively, "money laundering, etc.").

Speciﬁc Action Examples

Speciﬁc Action Examples

Conﬁrm that customers and business
partners are not organized crime
forces, and if there is any suspicion at
all, always strive to refuse the transaction and end the business relationship.

Refuse ﬁrmly demands or pressures from
organized crime forces as an organization.

Conﬁrm that there are no suspicions
about customers or transactions
based on requirements of laws,
regulations and internal rules, and
degree of risk when starting and
continuing business relationships
with customers and contractors

Promptly notify the authorities in
accordance with the procedures
stipulated by laws, regulations and
internal rules, if we recognize a
situation of suspec ted money
laundering, etc.

Never engage in transactions with
persons subject to economic sanctions
or organizations with which they
are involved.

31

32

14

15

Appropriate
Political Activities

Appropriate Financial Reporting,
Tax Treatment Based on
Laws and Regulations

As a corporation, we will conduct fair business activities
while maintaining an appropriate relationship with politics.
In addition, we will clarify the distinction between public
and private regarding personal political activities of Employees.

We will accurately record ﬁnancial information and report and
disclose such information in a timely and appropriate manner
so that shareholders, investors, and other stakeholders can make
decisions fairly and equitably, and also aim to maintain and improve
tax compliance in accordance with tax related laws and regulations.

Speciﬁc Action Examples

Speciﬁc Action Examples

Conduct political activities as a
corporation, such as lobbying to
public ofﬁcials and making corporate contributions to candidates
for public ofﬁce by following the
necessary procedures required by
internal rules.

33

Conduct personal political activities or make political remarks after
clarifying that such activities or
remarks are those of the individual,
without using the company name
or logo.

Perform appropriate accounting in
accordance with applicable standards
and internal rules for all transactions
and events that occurred.
Conduct appropriate tax payments
in accordance with the tax laws, etc.
that apply to the countries and regions
where we conduct business, tax
ordinances that apply internationally,
and the related laws and regulations.

Disclose ﬁnancial information such
as on our ﬁnances and performance
in a fair and equitable manner in accordance with related laws, regulations
and internal rules.

34

