This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Insurance_Japan_Dai-ichi Life Holdings_2024.pdf>

Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct

Contents  Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct  2  1  Group CEO Message  .....................................................................  ３  2  Dai - ichi Life Group Principles and Code of Conduct  .........................  ４  4  Acting in accordance with  the  Group  Code of Conduct  ......................  ６  3  Intent of the Group  Code of Conduct ...............................................  ５  5  Failure to  observe the Group  Code of Conduct  .................................  ８  6  Speaking up and getting help  .........................................................  ８  7  Our Actions  ........................................................................  ９  For our C ustomers  ....................................................  １０  For the trust of society  .............................................  １２  For our People  ........................................................  １４  Foundational  conduct  ...............................................  １６

Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct  3  １． Group CEO Message  Dear  members  of  Dai - ichi  Life  Group,  We  are  living  in  an  era  of  rapid  and  disruptive  changes  taking  place  on  a  global  scale .  The  world  is  becoming  increasingly  complex,  with  impact  from  environmental  issues  and  changing  geopolitical  risks .  We  are  also  witnessing  unprecedented  technological  evolution  including  the  emergence  of  generative  AI,  as  well  as  accelerating  change  in  people’s  values  and  lifestyles .  In  such  a  changing  landscape  of  social  issues,  a  business  such  as  ours  must  continuously  re - affirm  the  value  we  contribute  to  our  customers’  lives  and  to  society .  We  must  meet  the  expectations  of  our  stakeholders  by  helping  to  address  people’s  needs  and  concerns  and  make  a  positive  contribution  to  solving  social  issues .  We  have  defined  the  Dai - Ichi  Life  Group’s  Purpose  and  Values  as  the  key  principles  for  how  we  will  make  such  a  contribution .  Our  new  Purpose  “Partnering  with  you  to  build  a  brighter  and  more  secure  future”  demonstrates  our  aspiration  to  help  realize  a  society  in  which  each  individual’s  values  and  way  of  living  are  respected,  and  people  can  achieve  a  brighter  and  more  secure  future .  We  will  take  on  the  challenge  of  helping  to  build  such  a  future  by  partnering  with  our  customers,  shareholders  and  other  stakeholders .  To  embody  our  Purpose,  it  is  essential  for  everyone  in  the  Dai - ichi  Life  Group  to  always  live  up  to  three  Values :  “We  care,”  “We  do  what’s  right”  and  “We  innovate . ”  The  Group  Code  of  Conduct  is  a  specific  set  of  guidelines  to  help  each  of  us  think,  judge,  and  act  based  on  these  Values  so  that  we  build  trust  with  our  stakeholders  and  embody  our  Group  Purpose .  This  Group  Code  of  Conduct  stipulates  that  we  must  ensure  that  we  act  with  integrity,  thinking  deeply  of  our  customers  and  other  stakeholders .  I  strongly  believe  that  if  all  members  of  the  Dai - ichi  Life  Group  commit  to  our  work  with  a  high  sense  of  ethics,  pride,  and  joy,  we  will  be  able  to  realize  our  Purpose,  and  people  will  always  turn  to  us  for  help .  Tetsuya Kikuta  Group CEO  Dai - ichi Life Holdings, Inc.

4  ２． Dai - ichi Life Group Principles and Code of Conduct  Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct  The Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct is a guideline  for how to think, decide and act  based on our Values, so that each of us will earn the trust of  stakeholders  in order to  achieve the Group’s Purpose.  By acting in accordance with the Group Code of  Conduct, we will ensure that our actions meet  the expectations of customers, society,  and each other.  Purpose  Values  Partnering  with you to build a brighter  and more secure future  We  care  We  do  what’s  right  We  innovate  Dai - ichi Life Group  Code of Conduct  Brand  Message  By  your  side,  for  life

Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct  5  ３．  Intent of  the  Group  Code of Conduct  The Dai - ichi Life Group strives to create sustainable corporate value  and  meet the  expectations of all stakeholders through our corporate activities and our contribution to  society.  The  Group  Code of Conduct  consists of the basic principles underlying our Group  purpose and values, which  all employees  should consider in their day - to - day actions  in  order to  maintain a high standard of ethics.  T his  Group  Code of Conduct  is intended to guide you to make the right choices.  To  meet  customer  and  societal  expectations,  we  must  go  beyond  mere  compliance  with  laws,  regulations  and  company  policies .  It  is  also  important  to  think  and  act  based  on  the  principles  outlined  in  the  Code  in  order  to  fulfill  our  Group  purpose  and  values .  Expectations of  customers and society  Group purpose  and values  Company  policies  Laws and  regulations  Group  Code  of  Conduct

In order to earn the trust and meet the expectations of customers, society, and each  other, all members of Dai - ichi Life Holdings and its subsidiaries should follow the Group  Code of Conduct, except where an individual business unit Code of Conduct is in effect.  When faced with a difficult judgment, please consider the following perspectives.  Check    Would  this  conduct  violate  laws  /  regulations  or  the  Group  Code  of  Conduct  or  company  policies ?    Is  the  judgment  or  conduct  fair  and  reasonable,  and  does  it  meet  the  spirit  of  the  Code?    Is  the  judgment  or  conduct  appropriate  based  on  common  sense?    Would my actions be perceived to be driven by self - interest or am I making an excuse to justify my  actions?    Would  you  make  the  same  judgment  or  take  the  same  action  toward  your  own  family  or  friend s?  If  you  are  uncomfortable  about  the  answer  to  any  of  these  questions,  then  reflect  on  the  Group  Code  of  Conduct  and  reconsider  your  judgment  or  conduct .  Also,  consult  with  your  manager .  Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct  6  4.  Acting in accordance with  the  Group  Code of Conduct

Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct  7  Lead by example  Take  the  initiative  to act in line with  the  Group  Code of Conduct and  encourage your team  members  to do the same .  Embed  the  Group  Code of Conduct  in your workplace  Put  the  Group  Code of Conduct into practice through training and  raising  awareness.  Create an  open and trusting  environment  Managers  should create an environment where team members can ask for input  w hen  they  are  unsure about their decisions.  By fostering ongoing  communication on a  day - to - day  basis , it will  be easier for team members to report promptly  when problems occur or  are noticed .  As a People Manager, you have a further responsibilities to your team members to:

Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct  8  Employees should consult with their manager or report through the whistleblower system if they  become  aware of any violation of laws, regulations, internal rules, or the  Group  Code of Conduct.    Failure  to  follow  the  Group  Code  of  Conduct,  applicable  laws  and  regulations,  or  company  policies  may  result  in  a  breach  of  the  trust  and  expectations  of  customers,  society,  and  members  of  the  Group,  or  degrade  or  threaten  to  degrade  the  Group's  brand  value  and  credibility .  Violations  may  result  in  disciplinary  action  based  on  the  applicable  Group  company’s  policies .    Employees  may  be  held  responsible  for  failing  to  report  to  managers  if  they  are  aware  that  someone  else  has  violated  the  Group  Code  of  Conduct .    Managers  may  be  held  responsible  if  the  above  conduct  occurs  in  their  organization .  5. Failure to observe the  Group  Code of Conduct  6.  Speaking up and getting help

Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct  9  ７． Our Actions  For our Customers  For our People For the trust of Society  → P １４  → P １６  → P １０  → P １２  ①  Compliance with  laws and regulations  ②  Respect for human  rights  ③  Contribution to a  sustainable society  and future  Foundational  Conduct  Creating a comfortable  working environment with  respect for each other  Challenge and Innovation  Communication and  Teamwork  Honesty, integrity and fairness  Actions on behalf of  customers  Protecting information  Improving customer  experience  through  innovative products and  services  Appropriate information  disclosure  Appropriate handling of  corporate assets  Prohibition of the pursuit of  personal gain  The Group  Code of Conduct sets out  guidelines  for acting  F or our  C ustomers ,  For the trust of  Society , and  For  our  People , all built upon certain  Foundational Conduct .  Our actions have an impact on the brand value of our Group companies.

For our Customers  Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct  10  Honesty, integrity and fairness  Actions on behalf of customers  Protecting information  Improving customer experience  through innovative products and  services

For our Customers  11  Conduct business with honesty,  integrity and fairness to build trust  with customers.  Exercise particular care while  appropriately using information  received from customers to ensure  that we maintain their trust.  Honesty, integrity and fairness  Be considerate of our customers, and  accurately and clearly explain our  products and services.  Always listen to customers and strive to  meet their expectations so that they  will value and continue to choose us.  Actions  on behalf of  customers  Protecting information  Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct  Improving customer experience  through  innovative products and services  A im to propose solutions that exceed  customers ’  expectations by leveraging  the capabilities of the Dai - ichi Life  Group  so that we will optimize customer  experience  Strive to provide innovative products  and services that meet the changing  values and needs of customers.

For the trust of Society  Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct  12  Appropriate information  disclosure  Appropriate handling of  corporate assets  Prohibition of the pursuit of  personal gain

Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct  13  Appropriate  i nformation  d isclosure  Appropriate h andling of  c orporate  a ssets  Prohibition of  the  pursuit of personal gain  For the trust of Society  Accurately  record and store business  information, including financial  data, as  necessary .  A lso  ensure  fairness and  transparency  to market participants through  timely and appropriate disclosure.  A ppropriately manage the tangible and  intangible assets of  our Group companies;  prevent cyber - related risks, unauthorized  access,  or the  theft  /  loss  /  misuse  of property;  and protect the confidentiality, safety and  privacy of third - party information.  Avoid conflicts of interest and do not pursue  personal gain by  engag ing  in inappropriate  behavior or ab using information learned in the  course  of business or  through your  position in  the company .

For  our  People  Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct  14  Creating a comfortable  working environment with  respect for each other  Challenge and Innovation  Communication and  Teamwork

For our People  We recognize and respect each other ’ s  individuality  and work to create a safe,  healthy  and rewarding work environment where all  employees can  do the best, thereby realizing the  well - being of all employees.    E ngag ing  in any form of harassment  is  prohibited, and you must report  any such  behavior by  others.    We will promote the mental and physical  health of all employees.  Challenge each other and support our  colleagues’ success while working together  to respond to the changing environment by  growing and enhancing our knowledge, skills,  expertise, and people skills.  15 Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct  Creating a comfortable working environment  with respect for each other  Challenge and Innovation  Strive to communicate effectively  and  achieve the best  results  through  teamwork  and  the sharing of information, skills and  know - how.  Communication and  Teamwork  Leverage diverse backgrounds, experiences  and ways of thinking to achieve the best of  our abilities and create new value.

Foundational Conduct  Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct  16  Compliance with laws and  regulations  Respect for human rights  Contribution to a sustainable  society and future

Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct  17  Foundational  Conduct  You must  follow  applicable  laws and regulations as well as  company policies , and conduct  y oursel f  in the right manner based on high ethical standards.  When  in doubt ,  think  and act  based on the principles outlined in the Group Code of Conduct . If  you  become aware of a  suspected violation , report it to the company immediately.  Foundational principles that  apply throughout the group include the following:  (1) S trictly  manage  important information and do not  condone  insider trading.  (2) P revent money laundering,  the  financing  of  terrorist activities, economic sanctions  violations , tax evasion, and  other  financial crimes.  (3) A bide by anti - bribery  /  corruption rules, and do not provide inappropriate entertainment  or gifts that  may  cause suspicion or  m istrust.  (4) Do not engage  in unfair  practices  ( a buse of superior  bargaining  status, cartels, market  manipulation, etc.).  Compliance with laws and regulations

Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct  18  We actively engage in environmental  protection on an ongoing basis, recognizing  that preserving the global environment is our  social responsibility.  We contribute to the realization of a  sustainable society and the development of  local communities through the corporate  activities of each group company and social  contribution activities carried out by  companies and individuals.  Contribution to a sustainable society and  future  Respect for human rights  We respect the human rights of all people  and actively work to raise awareness of  human rights.  We do not discriminate or tolerate  discrimination for any reason, including  based on nationality, race, ethnicity, age,  religion, thoughts and beliefs, gender,  birth, disability, sexual orientation and  gender identity.

Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct  April  １ , 2024  Dai - ichi Life Group Code of Conduct  19


</Insurance_Japan_Dai-ichi Life Holdings_2024.pdf>