This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<IT_Indonesia_Astra Graphia_2022.pdf>

www.astragraphia.co.id  CODE OF CONDUCT  PT Astra Graphia Tbk

Astragraphia Code of Conduct  I.  Guideline on Business Ethics and Work Ethics  1.  Business  Ethics  Business Ethics is a system of values upheld by the Company as a guidance to interact  with its surrounding, internally and externally.  1.1  Customers  Definition:  Parties who are the purchasers or users of the products or services produced and/or  market ed by the Company.  Principles in interacting with the customers:  a.  The Company respects the rights of the customers in accordance with applicable  laws and regulations  b.  The Company is committed to price, quality, delivery time, after - sales service  and product  warranties in accordance with applicable standards  c.  The  Company  (including  Commissioners,  Directors  and  Employees)  is  not  allowed to give to or accept from the customers (substantial) gifts which may  influence decision - making  d.  The Company maintains the confi dential information of the customers  e.  The  Company  adheres  to  the  advertising  ethics  and  applicable  laws  and  regulations  1.2.  Business Partners  Definition:  Parties that have business relationship with the Company, such as principals,  distributors, dealers and  suppliers.  Principles in cooperating with business partners:  a.  Common interests, equality and mutual trust based on fairness and social  responsibility regardless of ethnic, religious beliefs, race and social groups  b.  Complies with applicable laws and regulati ons  c.  Commissioners, Directors and Employees of the Company must avoid conflict of  interest  d.  All agreements must be made in writing in good faith and based on mutual  benefit  e.  Selection of the business partners is based on professionalism and in line with  QCDSM  (Quality, Cost, Delivery, Safety, Norale) values  f.  Strive to empower small and medium scale business partners  g.  The  Company  (including  Commissioners,  Directors  and  Employees)  is  not  allowed to give to or accept from business partners (substantial) gifts which  may  influence decision - making  1.3.  Competitors  Definition:  Other parties that produce or market similar products and/or services or  substitutes  to the products and/or services produced or marketed by the Company.  Principles in dealing with the competitors:

a.  The  Company  supports  fair  and  healthy  competition  in  accordance  with  applicable laws and regulations  b.  The Company is not allowed to develop cooperation with competitors, which  could be detrimental to the customers and/or leads to monopolistic practices  c.  The  Company is not allowed to discredit competitors in its marketing, promotion  and advertising activities  d.  Commissioners, Directors and Employees of the Company are not allowed taking  part in the management and/or to own shares of a competitor, either directly  or  indirectly  1.4  Employees  Definition:  Individuals who work at the Company and receive salary based on an employment  relationship.  Principles in conducting an employment relationship with the Employees:  a.  The Company honors the universal principle of human  rights as well as the rights  and obligations of Employees based on applicable laws and regulations  b.  The Company provides equal opportunities regardless of seniority, gender,  ethnicity,  religion,  race  and  social  groups,  with  due  observance  to  their  competenc e and performance  c.  The Company treats the Employees as valuable assets, therefore they need to  be respected and their competence and character must be enhanced  d.  The Company builds an atmosphere of openness and two - way communication  with the Employees  e.  The Com pany rewards its outstanding Employees  1.5  Shareholders  Definition:  Individuals or institutions that are  registered in the Shareholder Register of the  Company.  Principles in interacting with the shareholders:  a.  The Company treats its shareholders in a fair  manner; including in providing  accurate and timely information, in accordance with the Articles of Association  of the Company and applicable laws and regulations  b.  The Company endeavors to deliver optimal performance and maintain a good  corporate image to in crease shareholders value  1.6  Potential Investors  Definition:  Individuals or institutions that have the potential or intend to participate in the  Company’s shares ownership, including investment supporting institutions.  Principles in interacting with potentia l investors:  a.  The Company provides actual and accurate information in accordance with  applicable laws and regulations  b.  The Company discloses required information in a fair manner

1.7  Affiliated Companies  Definition:  Companies that have an ownership relation  with major shareholder of the Company,  either directly or indirectly.  Principles in interacting with affiliated companies:  Together  with  and  among  affiliated  companies,  the  Company  develops  a  cooperation to achieve synergy in its various business and socia l activities both at  the head office or at branch office level in accordance with applicable laws and  regulations, including competition laws.  1.8  State Institutions  Definition:  State  institutions,  which include  the  legislative, executive,  judiciary  and  other  institutions, both at the national or regional levels, and their officers.  Principles in interacting with state institutions:  a.  The Company establishes harmonious, constructive and respectful relationships  with due observance to applicable laws and regulati ons  b.  The  Company  supports  national  and  regional  programs,  particularly  in  education, socio - economic, health, and environment  1.9  Community  Definition:  A group of people who live together in a certain location and having direct or indirect  relationship with the  Company‘s activities.  Principles in interacting with the community:  a.  The Company participates in maintaining a clean and healthy environment in the  surrounding area of the Company  b.  Wherever  it  is  located,  the  Company  builds  and  fosters  congenial  and  harmoni ous relations and endeavors to provide benefits through empowerment  programs, particularly to communities in the surrounding area of the Company  c.  The  Company  respects  the  social,  culture,  tradition,  modesty,  beliefs  and  religions  1.10  Mass Media  Definition:  Institutions  which  include  printed,  electronic  and  online  media  providing  information, education, promotion, social control and entertainment.  Principles in interacting with the mass media:  a.  The  Company  adheres  to  the  truth  and  disclosure  of  information  in  an  accountable manner in accordance with the journalistic code of ethics and  applicable laws and regulations  b.  The Company positions the mass media as equal partner, therefore it is  necessary to build a positive and mutual respective cooperation  2.  Work Ethics  Work Ethics is a system of values upheld by the employees of the Company that qovern  their conduct, behavior and relationship with parties within the Company. The Work  Ethichs guideline applies to Commissioners, Directors, and employees  O f the Company.

Work Ethics principles cover:  a.  Employees’ conduct in the Company:  -  To be a good member of the Company by complying with internal policies/rules  of the Company, the Company Regulations and applicable laws and regulations  -  To apply and develop their maximum pot entials for the benefit of the Company  -  To participate in creating a conducive working environment and jointly develop a  good working culture  b.  Employees‘ conduct in the use of authority and position in the Company:  -  To responsibly use their authority and pos ition for the interests of the Company,  and not to serve for their own or others interests  -  To maintain and utilize all data, information, assets and facilities of the Company  for the benefit of the Company, and not to serve for their own or others interest s  -  To keep the Company's good reputation by minding their conduct and behavior,  both outside and inside the Company  c.  Employees‘ conduct towards the Company‘s Confidential Information:  The Company‘s Confidential Information are strategic documents and/or  information  that are formulated or acquired by the Company which may not be disclosed and  conveyed to external parties, with the following considerations:  -  To maintain the Company‘s competitive advantage, and/or  -  To honor agreements or laws or regulations, w hich requires the Company to  maintain the confidentiality of such information  Information included in the Company’s Confidential Information category is:  -  Financial statements and/or material transactions that have not been disclosed to  the public  -  Strategi c corporate plan  -  Information bound by confidentiality agreement  -  Products of the Company that are still in the development stage Uniqueness of  technology  -  Material Information which is not yet available to the public, and  -  Other information that is considered  confidential  Material Information is important and relevant information that may affect the  securities price of the Company/decision of the investor to purchase or sell securities  of the Company.  All Employees are responsible for maintaining the  confidentiality of the Confidential  Information of the Company and prohibited from abusing such information.  The Confidential Information of the Company obtained by Employees shall remain  confidential eventhough their employment at the Company has been te rminated.

d.  Employees‘ relations as superior/subordinate in the Company:  -  Superior acts as role model, leader and mentor for their subordinates  -  Subordinates proactively develop and express their potentials under the direction  and guidance of their super ior  -  To mutually accept, respect and foster a good cooperation in an atmosphere of  openness based on sincerity and good faith  e.  Relationship among Employees:  -  To mutually respect, encourage and foster a good cooperation in carrying out their  respective duties  and responsibilities  -  To reinforce integrity and foster transparency and abundance mentality in a  harmonious relationship as members of the Company  II.  Corporate Secretary  The Corporate Secretary is a function that is established to assist the Board of Direc tors in  ensuring  compliance  of  the  Company  with  applicable  laws  and  regulations  and  administering the decisions of the Company are in compliance with the good corporate  government as well as communicating with the capital market authorities and the public.  The Corporate Secretary is responsible to the Board of Directors and has among others the  following tasks:  a.  To provide advice to the Board of Directors and Board of Commissioners relating to  capital market laws and regulations  b.  To ensure that the meetings  of the Board of Directors and Board of Commissioners are  conducted properly and on determined schedule and the meeting‘s decisions are  properly documented and archived  c.  To ensure that the General Meeting of Shareholders is conducted properly and in timely  m anner  d.  To support the socialization and implementation of the Corporate Philosophy, Corporate  Values, Systems, and Corporate Culture  e.  In coordination with related divisions to socialize implement, monitor and review the  implementation of Astra Code of Conduc t  f.  To provide input to the Strategic Corporate Planning of the Company  g.  To act as a liaison or contact person between the Company and Indonesia Financial  Services Authority (Otoritas Jasa Keuangan}, the stock exchange, where the securities  of the Company are  listed, and the public  h.  To ensure that the administration, registration, and reporting to the Financial Services  Authority (Otoritas 3asa Keuangan) and the stock exchange where the securities of the  Company are listed, are implemented properly and in a tim ely manner  i.  To make disclosure to the public (including to provide information in the Company‘s  website} in accordance with applicable laws and regulations  j.  To establish good relationship with stakeholders to foster trust in the ability of the  management to  run the Company and create long - term value for the stakeholders  k.  To conduct orientation prögram for new member(s) of the Board of Directors and/or  the Board of Commissioners, and  l.  To keep pace with developments in the capital markets, particularly applicable  laws and  regulations and international practices on good corporate governance

III.  Audit and Risk Management  As a part of the implementation of Astra Good Corporate Governance, Astra conforms its  management  control  tools  in  line  with  the  regulations  applicab le  to  audit  and  risk  management comprising:  -  Audit Committee  -  Internal Audit  -  Risk Ma na gement  -  External Auditor  1.  Audit Committee  The Audit Committee is a committee established by and responsible to the Board of  Commissioners. The primary function of the Audit  Committee is to assist the Board of  Commissioners  in  carrying  out  its  oversight  function  on  reporting  of  financial  statements,  audit,  risk  management  and  compliance  with  applicable  laws  and  regulations.  2.  Internal Audit  Internal  audit  is  an  activity  associated  with  providing  independent  and  objective  assurance  and  consultations,  with  the  aim  to  increase  the  values  and  improve  operations of the Company through systematic approach, by way of evaluating and  increasing internal control effectiveness.  Int ernal Audit Unit is a Company’s Internal Audit function unit and chaired by a Head of  Internal Audit.  3.  Risk Management  Risk  management  is  a  structured  process  for  aligning  strategy,  process,  people,  technology and knowledge within an enterprise  organization, with the aim to evaluate  and mitigate the adverse effects of a potential condition.  Risk Management unit assists the Board of Directors in identifying the risk exposures of  the Company, the current control measures, and to explore other poss ible alternative  solutions to further reduce the risk.  4.  External Auditor  As one of the accountabilities of the Board of Directors in operating and managing the  Company, the Board of Directors periodically submits financial statements in accordance  with the  accounting principles and practices that are generally accepted in Indonesia.  The Board of Directors is responsible in implementing good general accounting policies  to establish and maintain the internal control in recording, processing, summarizing and  r eporting of transactions that are within the authority and control of the Board of  Directors.  In order to provide reasonable assurance that the financial statements of the Company  have been presented fairly in all material respects, the Company appoints e xternal  auditor to audit the financial statements of the Company.

IV.  Guideline on Conflicts of Interest  1.  General Guideline  Any  transaction  carried  out  between  the  Company  and  its  subsidiaries  shall  be  conducted  in accordance with capital market laws and regulations to ensure that the  transaction is carried out in the interest of the Company.  Said transaction may be subject to various requirements under prevailing laws and  regulations and as such should be review ed closely.  2.  Matters that should be observed  2.1  Each proposed transaction between the Company or its subsidiaries (including its  renewal and/or amendments) shall firstly be reviewed by the Corporate Legal of  the Company to ensure compliance with the prevailin g laws and regulations.  The Corporate Legal of the Company shall subsequently report such proposed  transaction to the Corporate Legal of major shareholder of the Company.  2.2  For the following particular transaction:  a.  between the Company and a  Director/Commissioner/F4ajor Shareholder of the  Company or its subsidiaries, or  b.  where there is a difference between the economic interests of the Company  with  the  personal  economic  interests  of  the  Director/Commissioner/Major  Shareholder of the Company (“C onflict of Interest Transaction”) ,such proposed  transaction  shall  be  firstly  reviewed  by  the  Corporate  Legal  of  major  shareholder of the Company to ensure compliance with the applicable laws and  regulations.  2.3  If according to the laws and regulations, a Co nflict of Interest Transaction requires  approval  from  independent  shareholders  of  the  Company,  such  proposed  transaction shall requires prior approval from the Board of Commissioners of the  Company.  2.4  Every Conflict of Interest Transaction shall be carried  out under customary terms  and at a fair price, and not detrimental to the Company. Appropriate internal control  procedures shall be carried out to support such requirements.  2.5  If an Employee (including executive} has a conflict of interest with the Company  or its subsidiaries, or if a transaction involving an Employee is deemed by other  relevant  party  as  a  conflict  of  interest  transaction  with  the  Company  or  its  subsidiaries, the Employee shall immediately disclose such transaction in writing to  the Board of  Directors of the Company.  2.6  Each Director, Commissioner, and Employee of the Company or its subsidiaries who  has a conflict of interest with the Company or its subsidiaries must not be involved  in the decision making process related to such conflict of  interest.

V.  Whistleblowing System Mechanism Policy  Through the units that are actively carrying out oversight duties, especially. Internal Audit  Department, the Company has a working mechanism to convene periodic audits process  and/or receive the violat ions of code of conduct of the Company reports, among others  fraud. Reports of violations can also be submitted through the employees suggestion box  in the Company’s intranet web portal which is under the management of Human Capital  Management.  The Compan y shall reviews all reports and takes necessary and appropriate action. In  addition, the Company takes corrective action as necessary to prevent violations of the  similar acts.  *****


</IT_Indonesia_Astra Graphia_2022.pdf>