This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Logistics_China_Yanfeng Automotive Interiors_2024.pdf>

Yanfeng  Code of Conduct  

YANFENG CODE OF CONDUCT  Leadership Message  Dear Colleagues,  Together as “One Yanfeng,” we are driven towards one goal: to win new business, new customers, and in new markets.  As we transform our business through conglomeration,  innovation,  and  globalization,  it  is critical that we do so with the utmost integrity.  Integrity  and  compliance  to  all  ethical  and  legal standards is essential in both our work and personal lives. Using ethics and compliance as a foundation to guide us in how we conduct business will help to solidify the trust and confidence of our shareholders, customers, suppliers, and colleagues.  To help provide additional guidance, we are pleased to introduce the Yanfeng Code of Conduct. This is a tool that contains 15 guiding principles for ethical business conduct. As the leadership team of Yanfeng, we are personally committed to the Code of Conduct, and we ask that you do the same. Our Compliance guidelines, policies and procedures apply to all employees and business partners, globally.  The introduction of the Code of Conduct is a key part of a comprehensive Global Compliance Management System. It is a mechanism that is put in place to help guide our growth and ensure that we uphold ethical behavior in all that we do. The Global Compliance Management  System  will  provide  additional  tools, including training, to help our employees recognize and learn how to deal with legal compliance questions or ethical dilemmas.  Not acting in compliance or ethically can have dire consequences for companies. It can have a tremendous cost from a reputation, financial and legal perspective. It is imperative that we all hold ourselves personally accountable for ethical behavior and integrity at all times. If you see something that you do not think is right, we encourage you to speak up. You can reach out to your supervisor, Human Resources, Legal or Compliance partners, or the Global Integrity Helpline, which is an important reporting tool for you to ask question or report misconducts.

With the Code of Conduct, we believe you have a reliable resource to navigate the right choice. Thank you for your focus and commitment to integrity and compliance.  One Yanfeng. One Code. One Commitment to INTEGRITY.  Zang Chungao  Hu Qizhi  General Manager  Secretary of Party Committee

Our Commitment to Integrity  4

OUR COMMITMENT TO INTEGRITY  Why do we need a Code of Conduct?  Yanfeng's vision is to be the best automotive component supplier in the world. We are devoted to becoming the most competitive and reputable global leader in the automotive component industry while enjoying the satisfaction of our customers and shareholders, and earning the respect of the communities where we do business. It is imperative that we conduct our business with the utmost integrity. The Code of Conduct (“Code”) is meant to guide you in your own ethical decision-making process. Using the Code and the other resources available to you will ensure that Yanfeng marches forward on the right path.  We work in a competitive and complex business with extended operations around the world. The Company benefits when we are all doing the right thing and making ethical decisions. However, it is not always easy to know what the best ethical decision or right path might be. That is why we have our guiding principles, to give us a framework that we can use to guide our behavior in and out of business.  The Code is the foundation of our Compliance Management System, which is a risk management system based on the compliance best practices of leading corporations around the world. The elements of the Compliance Management System will be contained in our Business Operating System.  If you meet with an ethical dilemma or need help to discuss a matter, please use the Code or the other resources available to you, such as your supervisor, Human Resources, or the Legal or Compliance Department to help you make the best ethical decision possible. Striving to create and maintain an environment of integrity where people feel empowered to speak up when they have a question or see something that is not right, is a key element to our healthy sustainable growth as a Company.  The goal of the Code is to provide guiding principles so that we act with the highest level of integrity and respect. It also ensures we comply with applicable laws and regulations, and strictly follow our company’s policies and procedures. It enables our Company to be a global leader and a good corporate citizen. Moreover, the Code helps each of us to know and understand what is expected of us as members of Yanfeng so we can act accordingly.

OUR COMMITMENT TO INTEGRITY  Who is governed by the Code?  The Code applies to everyone at Yanfeng - including the Board of Directors, Company officers, employees, agents, business partners and contract workers. There are no exceptions. As a global company, Yanfeng has business interests in many countries with varying and strict  legal  requirements.  While  we  recognize  the diversity and complexity of the rules that apply to our business, we expect that the Code will make it easier, not more difficult, to comply with applicable laws and regulations.  What are my responsibilities as an employee?  Our  conduct  –  both  good  and  bad  -  affects  the reputation of the Company. We must be aware that each of us represents the Company whenever and wherever we are doing business. Following the Code helps each of us to maintain and enhance the good reputation of the Company. As a Yanfeng employee, you are expected to always comply with the Code, our Company’s  policies  and procedures,  and  applicable laws and regulations.  You are expected to not only know and follow the Code, but also are expected to act to address violations of our Code, ask questions and seek guidance in questionable ethical situations.  If you feel your concerns are not being adequately addressed  in  a  timely  manner,  continue  to  seek resolution by using the available channels to report your concern.  Finally, as an employee of Yanfeng, you may be required, periodically, to complete training material and certify your understanding of, and adherence to, the Code or any specific policy or procedure. If you are assigned the training, it is mandatory for you to complete.  What are my responsibilities as a supervisor?  As a supervisor, you should act consistently as a role model  for  integrity  and  ethical  behavior.  You  are expected to support your team in understanding and complying with the letter and spirit of the Code. In many cases, you will be the first person consulted regarding potential misconduct. In these cases, it is your responsibility to provide guidance and support in following the Code and addressing concerns. It is important  that  you  understand  the  Code  and  can comfortably respond to questions in a timely manner.  If you are asked to interpret or apply the Code and are  uncertain  as  to  how  to  respond,  you  should escalate the matter to your supervisor, discuss it with a member of the Legal or Compliance Department, or seek guidance via the Integrity Helpline. Under no circumstances should you independently investigate known  or  suspected  violations  of  the  Code.  The Legal or Compliance department or the Committee of  Disciplinary  Inspections  (in  China)  will  assign specialized  professionals  to  conduct  investigations, and all investigations have protocols and procedures that must be followed to protect the integrity of the investigation and the Company in case of subsequent legal action.

What if I observe misconduct or I am confronted with an ethical dilemma?  Every  employee  is  encouraged  to  report  actual  or  potential misconduct. Yanfeng provides various ways to report a concern or ask a question. Whether it is through the Integrity Helpline or via confidential discussion with the Legal or Compliance department or the Committee of Disciplinary Inspections (in China), do not hesitate to speak out. Supervisors should always make themselves available to team members’ questions or concerns.  Always remember: When in doubt, speak out. Failure to timely correct non-compliant behavior could have a significant, negative financial or reputational impact on the Company. The Company encourages each employee to raise questions or concerns at an early stage, so that potential problems can be corrected before Yanfeng or individual employees are negatively affected. By acting early, you can protect the Company and its employees.  The policy of non-retaliation  We are committed to the principle that there will be no retaliation against those who report possible misconduct. This means that an employee will not suffer negative consequences for raising questions or concerns about possible violations of the Code or for reporting misconduct. If you believe that you have been retaliated against due to your report of misconduct, you should immediately report such concerns to your supervisor, Human Resources, a member of the Legal or Compliance Department or the Committee of Disciplinary Inspections (in China), or the Integrity Helpline.

OUR COMMITMENT TO INTEGRITY  What conduct is subject to disciplinary action?  For Yanfeng employees, violations of the Code are subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination  of  employment.  Violations  by  non- employees may result in termination of the business relationship or other appropriate remedial action.  Reports of suspected violations will be promptly and thoroughly  investigated.  All  employees,  suppliers, agents,  and  other  third-party  business  partners are expected to fully cooperate with investigations conducted  by  the  Company  regarding  possible violations of the Code.  We will treat those involved fairly and consistently throughout the course of the investigation. Each case will be carefully reviewed to determine the appropriate actions.  Examples of misconduct that may result in disciplinary action include, but are not limited to:  •  Direct violations of the Code, Company policies and procedures, or applicable laws and regulations, including  indirect  conduct  that  will  knowingly result in such violations;  •  Failing to cooperate with investigations, including providing  false  or  misleading  information,  or intentionally withholding relevant information;  •  Failing to report a known or suspected violation of the Code or applicable laws or regulations;  •  Deliberately ignoring information within the scope of  your  responsibility  that  would  allow you to learn and prevent known or suspected violations of the Code, Company policies and procedures or applicable laws and regulations;  •  Retaliating against an individual who has reported in good faith actual or potential misconduct;  •  Intentionally  making  false  accusations  of misconduct.

Where can I report any concerns about potential violations of this Code?  If employees wish to report any such matter, you could visit the below webpages to make the reports. You can report anonymously:  •  In China: https://chinahelpline.yanfeng.com/#/  •  Other nations: https://yanfeng.ethicspoint.com  A list of phone numbers by country for the Integrity Helpline can be found at the end of this document.

Guiding Principles  10

GUIDING PRINCIPLES  1.  We obey the laws and regulations wherever we conduct business.  As a global company, we have global responsibility. Yanfeng is fully committed to following the laws and regulations everywhere we conduct business. This is critical for maintaining Yanfeng’s high reputation. Our company’s  policies  reflect  the  laws  of  the  countries  where  we  do business, and they are often more  demanding than some laws require. Our continued success depends on each Yanfeng employee to act with the utmost integrity while performing their roles.  All third parties including agents, consultants, suppliers, and contractors are also expected to comply with all applicable laws, regulations and company  policies  and  procedures  in  connection  with  any  business conducted with Yanfeng or on our behalf. Yanfeng will only cooperate with  business  partners  in  compliance  with  statutory  requirements, internal rules  and guidelines.  Yanfeng  will evaluate  the  integrity  of potential business partners before entering into business relations and follow the processes and contact procedures set out in relevant rules and policies. If you don't know which laws are applicable, or if you think there are conflicts between the laws of two or more countries, immediately contact the Legal Department for help.  Especially, Yanfeng will respect regular work week standards (working hours) for the countries in which we operate. Laws and regulations on the maximum number of working hours and time-off shall be respected. No Employees  shall  be  forced  to  work  overtime  hours  beyond  the permissible  legal  provisions.  Employees  shall  either  enjoy  adequate monetary compensation or shall be given time-off for the overtime worked. Employees should have a minimum of one day off every seven days. Yanfeng will comply with all applicable wage laws in relation to compensation paid to workers, including those relating to minimum wages, overtime hours and legally mandated benefits. Yanfeng will not conduct any forced labor in any form, including but not limited to, bonded (including debt bondage) or indentured labor, involuntary or exploitative prison labor, slavery or trafficking of persons.  Any person under the age of 15, or under the age for completing compulsory education, or under the minimum age for employment in such country a Yanfeng entity operate within, whichever is greatest, will not be employed or perform any work for Yanfeng in any stage of manufacturing. In case that any person under the age of 18 is legally contracted by Yanfeng in accordance with all relevant laws and regulations, that person will not perform any work for Yanfeng that is likely to jeopardize their health or safety, including night shifts and overtime.  Example:  "I am working on a project in another country. My co-workers are doing things that I think would be illegal in my country, but they assure me this conduct is legal here. I don’t want to get myself or the company in trouble, but I also don’t want to harm my relationship with my team or make a big deal out of nothing."  What you should do:  You are responsible for seeking assistance in learning what is legal and for ensuring that your actions are legal. Promptly contact the Compliance or Legal Department for advice.

GUIDING PRINCIPLES  2.  We safeguard the health and safety of our employees.  Yanfeng is committed to providing a safe and healthy work environment for all our employees. We recognize this as a key element to the healthy, sustainable growth of the company. It is up to every employee to make the commitment to take responsibility for their safety as well as that of their coworkers. It is only through this shared commitment that we can achieve our goal of zero incidents.  At  work,  you  must  adhere  to  safety  rules  and regulations and remain free from the influence of illegal drugs, alcohol or any substances that may impair your ability to work safely and effectively. We do not tolerate violent behavior, threats to people or property, or physical intimidation or coercion.  It is the Company’s goal to continuously improve the health and safety of our working environment. Where required, each employee is expected to understand and follow the safety systems and procedures related to your work, participate in training and workshops to promote health and safety at Yanfeng, try your best to avoid injuries and help others avoid injuries, and report all accidents, near-misses, and potential safety hazards.  When  it  comes  to  fire  safety  and  emergency evacuation, it is crucial that all individuals within a building  are  knowledgeable  and  prepared  for potential emergencies. Understanding and following the Fire Safety and Emergency Evacuation Code of Conduct is essential to ensure the safety and well- being of everyone in the event of a fire.  First and foremost, it is imperative that all individuals familiarize themselves with the nearest fire exits and evacuation routes. This information can be vital in times  of  crisis,  enabling  a  quick  and  efficient evacuation process. In the event of a fire alarm, all individuals must evacuate the building immediately, using the designated evacuation routes and avoiding the use of elevators. Stairwells and exits should be utilized instead, as elevators can pose risks during a fire emergency.  Closing doors behind you as you evacuate can help prevent  the  spread  of  fire  and  smoke,  creating barriers that may contain the fire to certain areas. It is essential to follow the instructions of emergency personnel and refrain from re-entering the building until the all-clear is given. If encountered with smoke or fire during evacuation, staying low to the ground and covering your mouth with a cloth can help reduce the inhalation of smoke.  In the event that evacuation is not possible, remaining calm and signaling for help by waving a cloth or object out of a window can alert emergency responders to your location. Keeping all fire exits and evacuation routes clear at all times is crucial for accessibility during emergencies. Any observed fire hazards or concerns  should  be  reported  to  management promptly to address and mitigate potential risks.  Failure to comply with fire safety procedures may result  in  disciplinary  action,  underlining  the importance of adhering to safety protocols to protect individuals  and  property.  By  following  these guidelines  and  being  proactive  in  fire  safety measures, we can collectively ensure the safety and well-being of  all individuals in the face of a fire emergency.  Example:  "I work in a plant where protective equipment is required. My colleague never wears it. What should I do? Should I ignore it because it is his responsibility, not mine?"  What you should do:  Never  ignore  a  safety  issue.  Employees  are responsible for keeping a safe work environment. If you are uncomfortable reminding your colleague that safety rules protect everyone, talk with your supervisor or HR Department.

GUIDING PRINCIPLES  3.  We are committed to providing safe, high-quality goods and services.  Many of our products play a critical role in the safety systems of our customers products. In many countries where we operate, the laws and regulations regarding product safety are extremely stringent. Yanfeng has a legal responsibility to ensure that our products meet or exceed our customers specifications. It is your responsibility to inform your supervisor or the Quality Department if you believe there is any deficiency in the design, manufacture or assembly of a product that threatens its quality or safety or if the product could be considered a counterfeit part and therefore infringe any laws and regulations. In addition, if you have a suggestion which could improve the quality or safety of our products, you should communicate this to your supervisor.  We are committed to the safety and quality of our products and services and seek to make continuous improvements in these areas wherever possible. As an employee, you have a key role in ensuring that the Company is providing safe, high-quality products and services.  Example:  "I believe our product’s new design has a chance of making it unsafe. I reported this to my boss, who agrees but does not want to say anything because we have already manufactured this product, and the risk of causing harm seems small."  What you should do:  Do not hide anything that you believe poses a reasonable risk to our quality, service, reputation, or interests. Bring this issue to the attention of higher- level management.

GUIDING PRINCIPLES  4.  We always act in Yanfeng’s best interest.  We are expected to always maintain the highest degree of integrity when dealing with our business partners and to act solely in the best interests of the Company. When we are making business decisions, we must always promote the best long-term interests of our Company. Yanfeng’s information, property, relationships, or authority must never be used for personal gain. Personal or private interests must not influence Company business decisions.  Avoid  all  situations  in  which  private  or  personal interests’  conflict  or  appear  to  conflict  with  the interests  of  the  Company.  Any  situation  that constitutes a conflict or gives the appearance of a potential  conflict  must  be  disclosed  immediately. Timely  disclosure  provides  an  opportunity  for clarification and appropriate resolution of the conflict. If such existing or potential conflict exists, you are required to report out and disclose the conflict and the issue will be handled following Company process and the country laws and regulations.  Example:  "One of our suppliers developed a new model of machinery  with  high  and  advanced  technology, which will be displayed at the Paris Industrial Fair. This supplier invited the purchasing manager who is responsible for sourcing products manufactured by this supplier to participate in the Paris Industrial Fair. This Paris Industrial Fair will last for one week, including three days of product displaying and a four day city tour in Paris and nearby cities. All the flight, accommodations, and other cost and expense will be borne by the supplier. The purchasing manager thinks that this event provides an excellent opportunity to learn the latest technology and equipment of this supplier. In addition, the purchasing manager can also visit Paris and other cities. Furthermore, this event can save our company a lot of money. But he still wonders whether this may contravene the company’s policy, so he cannot decide whether to accept the supplier’s invitation or not."  What you should do:  The purchasing manager’s concern indicated that he  has  some  sense  of  compliance.  If  you have questions or concerns about possible  conflicts of interests,  talk  with  your  supervisor,  Human Resources  Department,  or  the  Legal  and Compliance Department. Or you can report any issues to the Integrity Helpline. We will protect any person who truthfully and in good faith report issues of noncompliance.

GUIDING PRINCIPLES  5.  We use Yanfeng’s assets and resources honorably and only for Yanfeng business.  Each of us is responsible for protecting the Company’s assets  (e.g.,  vehicles,  computers,  telephones, equipment, etc.) and resources (e.g., internet access, e-mail, instant messaging, company issued credit card or company purchasing cards, etc.) and to ensure that they are only used for conducting company business.  Never use the Company’s assets for illegal, unethical or unauthorized purposes. This includes:  •  Using Company resources to offend, harass, or threaten others or to access, send, or store illegal or generally offensive material;  •  Using a Company computer or mobile device to visit internet sites with offensive or illegal content;  •  Using Company resources to reproduce, display, distribute,  or  store  materials  that  violate  any party’s trademark, copyright, licensing, or other intellectual property rights;  •  Using  assets  such  as  Company  vehicles  for improper,  illegal,  or  unauthorized  personal purposes.  Example:  "May I use my company email account for personal messages?"  What you should do:  Our  computers  and  email  accounts,  and  the information they contain, are company property and should be used for work purposes. Yanfeng owns these assets and is therefore authorized to  inspect  and  disclose  the  contents  of  your computers and work email accounts, subject to local laws. Management may do this for business purposes or to detect potential misconduct and protect company rights and property. You should therefore limit private use of company assets and email accounts and not use them for sensitive private matters.

GUIDING PRINCIPLES  6.  We do not tolerate corruption anywhere in our business.  Corruption  –  active  or  passive  –  is  prohibited. Corruption not only harms our Company, but also the society and the business environment. It destroys the reputation of our Company and can lead to massive financial penalties. There is no place for corruption at Yanfeng.  We win business fairly and legally, relying only on the integrity of our products, services, and personal commitment to our customers. We comply with the anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and regulations of the country where we have business. Unethical or corrupt behavior by our employees or business partners is forbidden and will not be tolerated. We actively campaign against corruption in our Company.  Our  Company  is  known  for  its  fair,  honest,  and transparent business practices. We do not provide or accept lavish or extravagant gifts. We do not ask for or encourage the giving of gifts, entertainment, employment  opportunities,  benefits,  or  anything of value for ourselves or others from those that we do business with. We refuse gifts, entertainment, employment opportunities, benefits, or anything of value from business partners whenever their value may influence or appear to influence our decisions.  We do not offer, pay, or authorize the payment of money  or  anything  of  value  (such  as  gifts, entertainment, travel, service, or employment), either directly or indirectly, to any individual or entity to secure an improper advantage or for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Such behavior is illegal in every country where we do business.  Example:  "I am in the process of soliciting bids from suppliers for a major contract. One of the suppliers is offering me tickets to a sold-out concert, and hints that I could expect more if her company gets the contract. What should I do? "  What you should do:  Do not accept the tickets and promptly inform your  supervisor  or  the  Legal  and  Compliance Department.  Bribery and corruption cause real economic harm and misery in many parts of the world, and contribute to  social  and  political  instability  experienced  in many countries. The company believes that doing business  with  integrity  enhances  our  business performance,  our  company’s  reputation,  and  is fundamental to our growth and long-term success. We believe doing business with integrity is the only way to do business.

GUIDING PRINCIPLES  7.  We believe in fair and open competition and will not engage in unethical behavior to obtain business.  We comply with the antitrust law and competition law of the country or region where we have business. We deal with our competitors in a fair manner and cooperate with our business partners and customers based on mutual trust. Open and fair competition is vital to the success of Yanfeng. We are committed to winning business by supplying superior value to our  customers  for  our  goods  and  services  and without any anti-competitive agreements with our competition.  We  prohibit  illegal  agreements  and  coordinated behavior that is intended to or may limit competition. We will not agree with a competitor on any element of pricing or on what products to develop, or to whom or where we sell. We do not engage in bid rigging or artificially limit our production or sales volume.  The Company provides employees with guidelines and training to equip us with the knowledge that enables us to identify and avoid competition law risks.  As  competition  laws  are  complicated, employees are encouraged to consult the Legal or Compliance Department if guidance is needed.  Example:  "My  colleague  is  visiting  a  customer  tomorrow, and asked if I could get an expensive watch in the customers’ favorite style. My colleague says he plans to use the watch to get some information from the customer on our biggest competitor. What should I do?"  What you should do:  Do not help your colleague to use improper means to obtain a competitive advantage. If talking to your colleague does not work, then promptly inform your  supervisor  or  the  Legal  and  Compliance Department.

GUIDING PRINCIPLES  8.  We ensure our records are accurate, complete, and appropriately maintained and our internal controls sound.  All Yanfeng business records must be maintained accurately and completely. We are required to maintain reliable  records  to  satisfy  legal,  tax,  or  statutory requirements. Our customers, shareholders, business partners, and government authorities also rely on the accuracy and completeness of our financial and business records for their activities. Whenever there is an inaccurate record, whether it is a financial report, engineering document, expense report, or other type of  record,  it  shall  be  corrected,  and  where appropriate, the reasons for the correction should be noted.  We follow the law and company policies on document and record retention. When destroying records or documents, we follow procedures required by local law and company retention policies.  We are dedicated to maintaining an effective internal control system to ensure the Code, our policies and procedures, and applicable laws and regulations are followed not only by our employees, but also by all third parties with whom we do business.  Example:  "One department deposits all the files and materials in a storeroom for many years. Many written materials are covered with dust, and they are put everywhere. The colleagues in this department often complain that the storeroom is out of order and there is no more room for more materials. The department assistant sorted out all the materials and disposed of all the old materials she deemed useless. Now the storeroom is returned to a clean and orderly condition."  What you should do:  All the material shall be classified, cataloged, and kept properly and safely according to the statutory retention requirements. All the material in relation to confidential information shall be identified by the department head and marked as confidential, including its confidentiality level. The access to confidential  material  shall  be  limited  to  the necessary extent. Before the materials and files are disposed of or destroyed, the prior determination and  confirmation  of  department  head  shall  be acquired.  Some  important  materials,  such  as original certificates, original contracts, or HR files shall  be  kept  according  to  statutory  retention periods and shall not be destroyed without prior approval. Confidential materials which are useless and approved to be destroyed, shall be destroyed in accordance with applicable standards.

GUIDING PRINCIPLES  9.  We communicate accurately with our shareholders and the public.  We  communicate  clearly  and  truthfully  to  our shareholders  and  the  public.  We  do  not  release misleading information. It is up to each of us to understand  that  one  may  only  communicate  on behalf of the Company if authorized to do so by the responsible department.  Remember:  •  Never disclose Company information that is not available to the public without prior and proper authorization.  •  When  speaking  with  the  media,  invited  at industry conferences, or posting on social media, etc., be sure to clarify that your remarks and comments are your own, unless you have been specifically  authorized  by  the  responsible department to speak on behalf of Yanfeng;  •  You  must  provide  accurate  information  and avoid speculation if you are authorized to speak on behalf of Yanfeng.  •  Provide  relevant,  accurate  and  timely information to shareholders.  •  Take  care  not  to  discuss  the  company's unpublished  information  in  public  places  or media networks, public forums, and other social networking  sites,  or  with  friends  and  family members.  Example:  "I communicated with other employees on social media  and  found  that  they  were  discussing  the decisions of management, mergers and acquisitions, lay-offs, and other information that I had never heard before. What should I do?"  What you should do:  Do not join in this discussion if you believe these violate our communication or confidential policy. Inform  Compliance  or  the  Legal  Department immediately. They can inform you whether the communication is inappropriate.  Please keep in mind – Your words will influence the reputation of the company.

GUIDING PRINCIPLES  10.  We do not engage in insider trading or self-dealing.  While working for the Company, you may have access to information about the Company, or to the business information of other companies, that has not yet been made available to the general public. This is known as “insider information” or “inside information.” As a matter of Company Policy, and as a matter of law, you must not use or disclose such information for your own financial gain or others for their financial gain. We do not engage in self-dealing behavior where we use our position in the company to benefit oneself above the company. Violations of these laws may lead to severe civil and criminal penalties against the Company and those individuals involved.  Example:  "I have obtained important information related to the company that has not been disclosed to the public. Can I buy or sell the company's shares?"  What you should do:  Do not participate in internal transactions. If you have important information about the company that is not disclosed, you cannot buy or sell the company's shares.

GUIDING PRINCIPLES  11.  We comply with international trade laws.  We  are  committed  to  following  all  laws  and regulations  regarding  international  trade.  This includes laws and regulations relating to import and export,  customs,  embargos,  and  sanctions  where applicable to our business. In addition, we comply with  the  requirements  of  classification,  valuation, country  of  origin,  licensing,  preference  programs, and record keeping stipulated in the respective laws of the countries where we do business. Penalties for violations of these laws can include significant fines, denial  of  export  privileges,  negative  reputational impact, and even imprisonment. We must ensure the agents that we engage to handle these import and export processes are following our policies and procedures and relevant customs laws.  The  recognition,  reporting,  and  resolution  of  an import or export compliance issue or discrepancy shall be managed according to the local laws. Audits, investigations,  significant  penalty  notifications from  government  authorities  or  similar  must  be immediately escalated to your local leadership and the Legal or Compliance Department.  Example:  "Our  American  company  received  a  quote  to purchase certain seating metal components for our company from an Iranian company."  What you should do:  The transaction may implicate American export controls and trade laws and regulations. You should seek legal counsel from the Legal and Compliance Department.

GUIDING PRINCIPLES  12.  We protect Yanfeng’s confidential information and respect that of our customers and business partners.  Information about our company, our customers, our employees, and our business partners are some of our most valuable assets and must be appropriately used and protected. Similarly, the information resources we  use  to  design  our  programs,  manufacture our  products,  control  our  plant  equipment,  and communicate  with  our  customers,  must  also  be used, and protected appropriately. These resources are exposed to the risk of information breaches, intellectual property leaks, cyber security exposure, and other continuously evolving threats.  We treat non-public Company business information as confidential and do not share it without authorization. You must follow Company policies regarding the disclosure, storage, and use of proprietary business information. Never disclose confidential information to  third  parties  without  a  nondisclosure  or confidentiality agreement approved by the Legal or Compliance  Department.  When  using  Company confidential information outside the office, take care to prevent others from seeing or accessing it.  You  must  also  protect  third  party  non-public information and treat it as confidential. This includes confidential information belonging to our partners, suppliers, and competitors. Do not seek or receive competitors’  confidential  information  unless  the disclosure is covered by a confidentiality agreement approved by the Legal or Compliance Department. If  you  leave  the  Company,  you  must  return  all information in your possession or control. In this case, your confidentiality obligations to the Company remain in effect. Similarly, if you have confidential information from a  previous employer, you  must continue to keep that information confidential and not share it with Yanfeng.  Example  :  "One of our engineers is good at learning and drawing upon past experience. He collects all the PPT and training materials after each training and seminar. He also downloaded some training materials for his self- learning and study.  In his spare time, he participates  in  technical  seminars  sponsored  by  an  industry association, where he often shares the materials he downloaded from the Company intranet. In addition, he  also  actively  participates  in  automotive  BBP discussions. For purposes of accumulating credits and getting more authority, he often uploads the training materials he acquired from the company."  What you should do:  The PPT and training materials downloaded from Company  intranet  and  the  company’s  internal seminars  and  trainings  can  only  be  used  for purposes of self-learning and study and should not be disclosed outside the Company or used for other purpose. If you must use certain PPT material for outside meetings, seminars, or publishing an article, you must get permission from your supervisor, technical department, Legal Department, or HR. The company will decide whether such material contains  any  information  or  content  which  are inappropriate to be disclosed.  Exampl e   "An employee of the company is the owner of car A. Yanfeng is also a supplier of a part of this car. The employee has been involved in the car A project in Yanfeng, and when there was a problem with the parts supplied to car A, the employee disclosed the problem in a public "car club".”  What you should do:  We shall properly use and protect the information of our customers, companies, employees, and our business partners. Non-public company business information  should  be  treated  as  confidential information  and  should  not  be  shared  without authorization. Regardless of whether the employee is a car owner or not, they should consider themself as an employee of the company  and shall not disclose confidential information about customers and the company.

GUIDING PRINCIPLES  13.  We protect the privacy of our employees.  We respect and protect the privacy of the personally identifiable  information  (“PII”)  of  our  employees, suppliers, customers, and other business partners. Every Yanfeng employee is required to comply with the applicable data protection laws in the countries where we conduct business. With regards to the collection and processing of PII, we inform individuals or obtain consent to ensure their privacy rights.  We collect, process, and use PII only to the extent that such data is necessary for clearly defined and lawful purposes. We use PII only to support the operation of our company and ensure that data is used in a transparent manner. We store PII securely.  We  are  committed  to  upholding  appropriate  IT security measures. All components of information processing  must  be  secured  to  safeguard  the confidentiality, integrity, availability, and verifiability of information and to take the necessary precautions to prevent unauthorized use.  Example :  "I believe that one of my colleagues is selling company email  addresses  to  a  marketing  company.  What should I do?"  What you should do:  Employees’ email addresses are confidential and may not be disclosed in this way. Provide all  the information  you  have  on  this  issue  to  your supervisor, HR representative, or a member of the Legal Department.

GUIDING PRINCIPLES  14.  We take responsibility for the environment by making sure that we follow environmental laws and regulations everywhere we conduct business.  Yanfeng is committed to conducting our business fully  in  accordance  with  the  local  and  national environmental  laws  where  we  conduct  business. Being good stewards of our environment is a natural extension of the Yanfeng commitment to healthy and sustainable growth. In fact, it can be thought of as a way to protect our business going forward. It is up to each of us to make sure that we strive to maintain our culture of continuous improvement in the environmental performance of our operations.  Chemicals,  waste,  and  other  materials  posing  a hazard  to  humans  or  the  environment  will  be identified, labeled, and managed to ensure their safe handling, movement, storage, use, recycling or reuse, and disposal. Yanfeng will track and document all data in relation to hazardous waste.  Example:  "One  of  our  suppliers  did  not  install  equipment required for environmental protection to save cost. This supplier produces a large amount of waste gas and wastewater during daily operation. Despite such heavy  pollution,  no  administrative  penalty  was imposed on this supplier because of dereliction of duty by the local government. This supplier produces high  quality  products,  and  its  price  is  also  quite competitive because of low operation costs."  What you should do:  Environmental protection is an indispensable social duty for any company. When you spot any issues in relation to environmental protection, the purchaser should inform the Company. The Company will conduct  a  special  investigation  of  this  supplier when necessary. If the facts establish a breach of policy, the Company will take corrective measures such as reducing outsourcing volume, correcting the violation of environmental protection law, or terminating cooperation if necessary.  Environmental protection is one important element in assessing a supplier’s capability and eligibility during the supplier selection process.

GUIDING PRINCIPLES  15.  We value diversity and equal treatment in our workplace.  Diversity of thought, culture, background, and skills improves the quality of our work and the vitality of our workplace. We recognize the value of diversity in ensuring our long-term success and seek to promote it throughout Yanfeng. At the same time, we respect differences and will not tolerate discrimination or harassment of any kind in our Company. We treat all people equally and with tolerance, regardless of race, ethnicity, religion, gender, sexual orientation, age, medical condition, disability, union membership or any other factors protected by applicable law.  In addition, Yanfeng treats everybody equally in hiring, salary, benefits, advancement, discipline, termination, and retirement. We always focus on the value that people add to our Company.  Every employee will be able to openly communicate and  share  ideas  and  concerns  with  management regarding  working  conditions  and  management practices  without  fear  of  discrimination,  reprisal, intimidation, or harassment.  Example:  "I overheard a fellow employee make fun of another employee’s  accent,  and  I  can  tell  it  makes  him uncomfortable. What should I do?"  What you should do:  Do not join in or encourage this behavior. Words and actions need to express respect for each person’s dignity. If you do not feel comfortable asking the employee  to  change  the  behavior,  raise  your concern to your manager, local HR representative, or the Integrity Helpline. If you are manager, you are required to address the behavior and report it to HR or the Integrity Helpline.

CONCLUSION  To  sustain  our  success  and  accelerate the company’s  globalization,  all  Yanfeng employees must continue to foster a deep culture of integrity and ethical behavior. We encourage you to regularly refer to the Code and ask questions or seek guidance when needed. With a strong commitment to our Code and conducting business the right way, we will be sure to realize our vision: To be the best automotive component supplier in the world.  26

Conclusion  27

If  you  have  any  questions  or  concerns  related  to Compliance, we are ready to help!  You may call the Integrity Helpline or visit  www.yf.ethicspoint.com  to report a Code of Conduct violation or ask a question.  •  The website is available in your local language.  •  All calls will be answered in the language of the country from which you are calling.  •  You may choose to remain anonymous for reporting your concern.  •  We are committed to the principle that there will be no retaliation against those who report possible misconduct in good faith.  Call Toll-free:  Country  Telephone  Canada  --  Czech Republic  --  Germany  Dial ---,  then dial --  Hungary  -  India  Dial -, then dial --  Indonesia  ---  ---  Italy  -  Japan  KDD: --  NTT: --  Softbank: --  Luxembourg  Dial ---,  then dial --  Malaysia  ---  Mexico  ---  Serbia  ---  Slovak Republic  Dial ---,  then dial --  South Africa  ---  Spain  Dial --, then dial --  Thailand  Dial  ---,  then dial --  United States  --


</Logistics_China_Yanfeng Automotive Interiors_2024.pdf>