This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Logistics_China_Trip.com Group_2023.pdf>

TRIP.COM GROUP LIMITED  CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS  Purpose  This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the “ Code ”) contains general  guidelines for conducting the business of  Trip.com Group Limited  (the “ Company ” or  “ Trip.com Group ”) consistent with the highest standards of business ethics, and is  intended to qualify as a “code of ethics” within the meaning of Section 406 of the  Sarbanes - Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules promulgated thereunder. To the extent this  Code requires a highe r standard than required by commercial practice or applicable  laws, rules or regulations, we adhere to these higher standards.  This Code is designed to deter wrongdoing and to promote:  ⚫  honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent  conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships;  ⚫  full, fair, accurate, timely, and understandable disclosure in reports and  documents that  Trip.com Group  files with, or submits to, the U.S. Securities  and Exchange Commission (the “ SEC ”) ,  Hong Kong Stock Exchange  and in  other public communications made by  Trip.com Group ;  ⚫  compliance with applicable  governmental laws, rules and regulations;  ⚫  prompt internal reporting of violations of the Code; and  ⚫  accountability for adherence to the Code.  Applicability  This Code applies to all of the directors, officers, employees and agents of  Trip.com Group , whether they work for  Trip.com Group  on a full - time, part - time,  consultative,  or  temporary  basis  (each  an  “ employee ”  and  collectively,  the  “ employees ”). Certain provisions of the Code apply specifically to our chief executive  officer, chief financial officer, senior finance officer, controller, vice presidents and any  other persons who perform similar functions for  Trip.com Group  (each, a “ senior  officer ,” and colle ctively, “ senior officers ”).  The Board of Directors of Trip.com Group (the “ Board ”)  appoints a compliance  officer of the Company (the “ Compliance Office r”) from time to time.  If you have any  questions regarding the Code or would like to report any violation of the Code, please  contact  the  Compliance Officer  via  e - mail at  jubao@trip.com .

This Code was adopted by the  Board  on  July 23 ,  202 3 .  Conflicts of Interest  Identifying Conflicts of Interest  A conflict of interest occurs when an employee’s private interest interferes, or  appears to interfere, in any way with the interests of  Trip.com Group  as a whole. You  should actively avoid any private interest that may influence your ability to act in the  interests of  Trip.com Group  or that may make it difficult to perform your work  objectively and effectively. In general, the following should be considered conflicts of  interest:  ⚫  Competing Business . No employee may be employed by a business that  competes with  Trip.com Group  or deprives it of any business.  ⚫  Corporate  Opportunity .  No  employee  should  use  corporate  property,  information or his or her position with  Trip.com Group  to secure a business  opportunity that would otherwise be available to  Trip.com Group . If you  discover a business opportunity that is in  Trip.com Group ’s line of business,  through the use of  Trip.com Group ’s property, information or position, you  must first present the business opportunity to  Trip.com Group  before pursuing  the opportunity in your individual capacity.  ⚫  Financial Interests .  i.  No employee may have any financial interest (ownership or otherwise),  either directly or indirectly through a spouse or other family member,  in any other business entity if such financial interest adversely affects  the employee’s performance of duties or r esponsibilities to  Trip.com  Group , or requires the employee to devote certain time during such  employee’s working hours at  Trip.com Group ;  ii.  No employee may hold any ownership interest in a privately - held  company that is in competition with  Trip.com Group ;  iii.  An employee may hold up to but no more than 5% ownership interest  in a publicly traded company that is in competition with  Trip.com  Group ;  iv.  No employee may hold any ownership interest in a company that has  a business relationship with  Trip.com Group  if such employee’s duties  at  Trip.com Group  include managing or supervising  Trip.com Group ’s  business relations with that company .  If an employee’s ownership interest in a business entity described in clause (iii)

above increases to more than 5%, the employee must immediately report such  ownership to  Trip.com Group .  ⚫  Loans or Other Financial Transactions . No employee may obtain loans or  guarantees of personal obligations from, or enter into any other personal  financial transaction with, any company that is a material customer, supplier  or competitor of  Trip.com Group . This guideline does not prohibit arms - length  transactions with recognized banks or other financial institutions.  ⚫  Service on Boards and Committees . No employee should serve on a board of  directors or trustees or on a committee of any entity (whether profit or not - for -  profit) whose interests reasonably could be expected to conflict with those of  Trip.com Group . Employees must obtain prior approval from the Board before  accepting any such board or committee position.  Trip.com Group  may revisit  its approval of any such position at any time to determine whether service in  such position is still appropriate.  It is difficult to list all of the ways in which a conflict of interest may arise, and we  have provided only a few, limited examples. If you are faced with a difficult business  decision that is not addressed above, ask yourself the following questions:  ⚫  Is it legal?  ⚫  Is it honest and fair?  ⚫  Is it in the best interests of  Trip.com Group ?  Disclosure of Conflicts of Interest  Trip.com  Group  requires  that  employees  fully  disclose  any  situations  that  reasonably could be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest. If you suspect that  you have a conflict of interest, or something that others could reasonably perceive as a  conflict of intere st, you must report it immediately to the Compliance  Officer . Conflicts  of interest may only be waived by the Board, or the appropriate committee of the Board,  and will be promptly disclosed to the public to the extent required by law.  Family Members and Work  The actions of family members outside the workplace may also give rise to  conflicts of interest because they may influence an employee’s objectivity in making  decisions on behalf of  Trip.com Group . If a member of an employee’s family is  interested in doing business with  Trip.com Group , the criteria as to whether to enter  into or continue the business relationship, and the terms and conditions of the  relationship, must be no less favorable to  Trip.com Group  compared with those that  would apply to a non - relative seeking to do business with  Trip.com Group  under similar  circumstances.

Employees should report any situation involving family members that could  reasonably be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest to their supervisor or the  Compliance Officer . For purposes of this Code, “family members” or “members of your  family” include your spouse, brothers, sisters and parents, in - laws and children.  Gifts and Entertainment  The giving and receiving of gifts is common business practice. Appropriate  business gifts and entertainment are welcome courtesies designed to build relationships  and understanding among business partners. However, gifts and entertainment should  never comp romise, or appear to compromise, your ability to make objective and fair  business decisions.  It is the responsibility of employees to use good judgment in this area. As a general  rule, employees may give or receive gifts or entertainment to or from customers or  suppliers only if the gift or entertainment could not be viewed as an inducement to any  particular business decision. All gifts and entertainment expenses made on behalf of  Trip.com Group  must be properly accounted for on expense reports.  Employees may only accept appropriate gifts. We encourage employees to submit  gifts received to the Company. While it is not mandatory to submit small gifts, gifts of  over RMB200 must be submitted immediately to the administration department of the  Company . The receipt of ordinary gifts shall comply with  Trip.com Group ’s applicable  internal policies and rules in this regard.  Trip.com Group ’s business conduct is founded on the principle of “fair transaction.”  Therefore, no employee may receive kickbacks, bribe others, or secretly receive  commissions or any other personal benefits.  Protection and Use of Company Assets  Employees should protect  Trip.com Group ’s assets and ensure their efficient use  for legitimate business purposes only. Theft, carelessness and waste have a direct  impact on  Trip.com Group ’s profitability. The use of the funds or assets of the Company,  whether for personal gain or not, for any unlawful or improper purpose is strictly  prohibited.  To ensure the protection and proper use of  Trip.com Group ’s assets, each employee  should:  ⚫  Exercise reasonable care to prevent theft, damage or misuse of Company

property;  ⚫  Promptly report the actual or suspected theft, damage or misuse of Company  property;  ⚫  Safeguard all electronic programs, data, communications and written materials  from inadvertent access by others; and  ⚫  Use Company property only for legitimate business purposes.  Intellectual Property and Confidentiality  ⚫  All inventions, creative works, computer software, and technical or trade  secrets developed by an employee in the course of performing the employee’s  duties or primarily through the use of the Company’s materials and technical  resources while working at th e Company, shall be the property of the Company.  ⚫  The Company maintains a strict confidentiality policy. During an employee’s  term of employment, the employee shall comply with any and all written or  unwritten rules and policies concerning confidentiality and shall fulfill the  duties  and  responsibilities  concerning  confidentiality  applicable  to  the  employee.  ⚫  In addition to fulfilling the responsibilities associated with his position in the  Company, an employee shall not, without first obtaining approval from the  Company, disclose, announce or publish trade secrets or other confidential  business information of  the Company, nor shall an employee use such  confidential information outside the course of his duties to the Company.  ⚫  Even outside the work environment, an employee must maintain vigilance and  refrain from disclosing important information regarding the Company or its  business, customers or employees.  ⚫  An  employee’s  duty  of  confidentiality  with  respect  to  the  confidential  information of the Company survives the termination of such employee’s  employment with the Company for any reason until such time as the Company  discloses such information publicly or t he information otherwise becomes  available in the public sphere through no fault of the employee.  ⚫  Upon termination of employment, or at such time as the Company requests, an  employee must return to the Company all of its property without exception,  including all forms of medium containing confidential information, and may  not retain duplicate materials .  Accuracy of Financial  Reports and Other Public Communications

Trip.com Group  is a public company and is required to report its financial results  and other material information a bout its business to the public,  the SEC  and  Hong Kong  Stock Exchange . It is  Trip.com Group ’s policy to promptly disclose accurate and  complete  information  regarding  its  business,  financial  condition  and  results  of  operations. Employees must strictly comply with all applicable standards, laws,  regulations  and  policies  for  accounting  and  financia l  reporting  of  transactions,  estimates and forecasts. Inaccurate, incomplete or untimely reporting will not be  tolerated and can severely damage  Trip.com Group  and result in legal liability.  Employees should be on guard for, and promptly report, any possibility of  inaccurate or incomplete financial reporting. Particular attention should be paid to:  ⚫  Financial results that seem inconsistent with the performance of the underlying  business;  ⚫  Transactions that do not seem to have an obvious business purpose; and  ⚫  Requests to circumvent ordinary review and approval procedures.  Trip.com Group ’s senior financial officers and other employees working in the  Accounting Department have a special responsibility to ensure that all of  Trip.com  Group ’s financial disclosures are full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable. Any  practice or situation that might undermine this objective should be reported to the  Compliance Officer .  Company Records  Accurate and reliable records are crucial to the Company’s business and form the  basis of its earnings statements, financial reports and other disclosures to the public.  The Company’s records are the source of essential data that guides business decision -  m aking and strategic planning. Company records include, but are not limited to,  booking  information,  payroll,  timecards,  travel  and  expense  reports,  e - mails,  accounting and financial data, measurement and performance records, electronic data  files and all o ther records maintained in the ordinary course of our business.  All Company records must be complete, accurate and reliable in all material  respects. There is never an acceptable reason to make false or misleading entries.  Undisclosed or unrecorded funds, payments or receipts are strictly prohibited. You are  responsibl e for understanding and complying with the Company’s record keeping  policy. Contact the  Compliance Officer  if you have any questions regarding the record  keeping policy.  Compliance with Laws and Regulations

Each employee has an obligation to comply with the laws of the cities, provinces,  regions and countries in which  Trip.com Group  operates. This includes, without  limitation, laws covering commercial bribery and kickbacks, copyrights, trademarks  and trade secrets, information privacy, insider trading, offering or receiving gratuities,  workplace harassment, occupational health and sa fety, false or misleading financial  information or misuse of corporate assets. Employees are expected to understand and  comply wi th all laws, rules and regulations that apply to your position at  Trip.com  Group . If any doubt exists about whether a course of action is lawful, you should seek  advice immediately from the  Compliance Officer .  Compliance with Insider Trading Policy  Each employee has an obligation to comply with  Trip.com Group ’s Insider Trading  Policy ,  as amended and restated from time to time , a copy of which has been provided  to each employee.  Violations of the Code  All employees have a duty to report any known or suspected violation of this Code,  including any violation of laws, rules, regulations or policies that apply to the Company.  Reporting a known or suspected violation of this Code by others will not be consid ered  an act of disloyalty, but an action to safeguard the reputation and integrity of  Trip.com  Group  and its employees.  If you know of or suspect a violation of this Code, it is your responsibility to  immediately report the violation to the  Compliance Officer , who will work with you to  investigate your concern. All questions and reports of known or suspected violations of  this Code will be treated with sensitivity and discretion. The  Compliance Officer  and  the Company will protect your confidentiality to the extent possible, consistent with the  law and the Company’s need to investigate your concern.  It is  Trip.com Group ’s policy that any employee who violates this Code will be  subject to appropriate discipline, including termination of employment, based upon the  facts and circumstances of each particular situation. Your conduct as an employee of  Trip.com Group , if it does not comply with the law or with this Code, can result in  serious consequences for both you and  Trip.com Group .  Trip.com Group  strictly prohibits retaliation against an employee who, in good  faith, seeks help or reports known or suspected violations. An employee inflicting  reprisal or retaliation against another employee for reporting a known or suspected  violation, will be subje ct to disciplinary action up to and including termination of

employment.  Waivers of the Code  Waivers of this Code will be granted on a case - by - case basis and only in  extraordinary circumstances. Waivers of this Code may be made only by the Board, or  the appropriate committee of the Board, and will be promptly disclosed to the public.  Conclusion  This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics contains general guidelines for  conducting the business of  Trip.com Group  consistent with the highest standards of  business ethics. If you have any questions about these guidelines, please contact the  Compliance Officer . We expect all employees to adhere to these standards. Each  employee is separately responsible for his or her actions. Conduct that violates the law  or this Code cannot be justified by claiming that it was ordered by a supervisor or  someone in higher  management. If you engage in conduct prohibited by the law or this  Code, you will be deemed to have acted outside the scope of your employment. Such  conduct will subject you to disciplinary action, including termination of employment.  Each subsidiary and affiliate of  Trip.com Group  shall prepare comprehensive and  concrete rules to implement this Code based on its own situations and needs.


</Logistics_China_Trip.com Group_2023.pdf>