This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Logistics_China_China Airlines Group_2023.pdf>

Page  1  of  6  Edition  :  A C  Enforcing sustainable development is an important corporate commitment to all  stakeholders  as  well  as  the  corporation.  China  Airlines  Group  (hereinafter referred  to as  " the Group "  or  " we " )  is  committed  to  creating  value  for  our  stakeholders.  Only  by  " taking  care  of  employees,  serving customers well, fulfilling shareholders'  expectations, supporting partners, protecting  the  environment,  and  giving  back  to  the  community "  can  the  Group  grow  in  a  sustainable way  around  these  changing  circumstances.  The  Group  is  committed  to  fulfilling  our  corporate  sustainability  responsibility  and  determined  to  stay  up - to - date  with  the  latest  trends  in  international  sustainable  development  while  operating  the  business.  By  taking  on  the responsibilities as a  corporate  citizen,  the  Group  aims  to  strengthen  the  country's  economic  development,  improve  the  quality  of  life  for  stakeholders  such  as  employees,  communities, and the society as a whole, preserve the sustainable use of resources  and  energy,  and  establish  sustainable  competitiveness  based  on  corporate  responsibility.  While  fulfilling  our  corporate  social  responsibility  and  pursuing  sustain able  operations and revenue growth, we must also strive to safeguard the interests of  stakeholders and to incorporate environmental, social and governance (ESG) into  the  Group's  business  operation  and  decision - making  process  for  striking  a  balance  between  sustainability  and  profitability.  I.  Scope  China Airlines  Group  Code of Conduct  Core  Belief

Page  2  of  6  Edition  :  A C  These  Principles  are  applicable  to  the  employees  and  service  providers  of  China  Airlines '  business  groups  and  organizations,  which  comprise  its  subsidiaries, any  foundation  to  which  China Airlines '  direct  or  indirect  contribution  of  funds exceeds  50 percent of the total funds received, and other institutions or juridical  persons  which are substantially  controlled  by  China Airlines .  In  order to establish sound corporate governance systems and foster a corporate  culture of ethical management and sound development,  the Group  establishes  Corporate Governance Best Practice Principles, Ethical Corporate Management  Best  Practice  Principles,  an d  Procedures  for  Ethical  Management  and  Guidelines  for  Conduct, including:  1.  Complying  with  laws  and  regulations;  2.  Protecting  the  rights  and  interests  of  shareholders;  3.  Strengthening  the  powers  of  the  board  of  directors;  4.  Rules  for  the  Proceedings  and  Decision - m aking  Procedures  of  Board  Meetings  (Including  Recusal  of  Board  of  Directors  Due  to  Conflicts  of  Interest);  5.  Respecting  the  rights  and  interests  of  stakeholders;  6.  Enhancing  information  transparency .  Please refer to China Airlines Corporate Governance Best  Practice Principles and  Corporate Governance and Ethical Corporate Management Best Practice  Principles  for  details:  https://www.china - airlines.com/tw/e n/investor -  relations/important - company - regula tions  The  policy  is  committed  to  respecting,  protecting,  reviewing  and  compensating  employees  and  customers  who  may  be  subjected  to  human  rights  violation.  In  addition, the Group expects its suppliers and contractors to act in accordance to  the  spirit  and  basic  principles  of  this  policy. Priorities  are  as  following:  1.  Providing  fair  and  reasonable  pay  and  working  conditions;  2.  Employee  freedom  to  form  associations  and  negotiate;  3.  Providing  a  safe,  hygienic  and  healthy  work  environment;  4.  Respecting  privacy  and  protecting  the  collection  and  legitimate  use  of  personal information;  5.  Anti - discrimination,  a nti - bullying  and  a nti - harassment;  II.  Corporate Governance and Ethical Corporate Management Best  Practice  III.  Human Rights Policy

Page  3  of  6  Edition  :  A C  6.  Protecting  the  right  to  work  of  indigenous  people  or  people  with  disabilities;  7.  Prohibiting  forced  labor  or  child  labor ;  8.  Anti - corruption  and  prohibiting  the  accepting/offering  of  bribes.  Please  refer  to  China  Airlines  Human  Right  Policy  for  details:  https://calec.china -  airlines.com/csr/en/download/pages/human_rights_policy.pdf  The  Group  is acutely aware of the scarcity of the Earth’s resources, and of the  responsibility we bear for protecting the environment and conserving natural  resources, while at the same time offering world - class global air transportation  services and pursuing corpor ate growth. With this understanding, we have  published four principles for environmental and energy management to ensure  that  the  Grou p  moves  towards  the  ESG  sustainability  for  biodiversity  and  environmentally friendly operation, and achieves the target of  Net - Zero Carbon  Emissions by 2050.  These principles  are:  c omplying with environmental, laws and  regulations, conserving the  e arth ' s  resources,  improving  eco - efficiency,  fulfilling  s ocial  r esponsibility.  To implement these principles  and to achieve sustai nable development,  the  Group  will incorporate the life - cycle concept to examine its context endeavor to  understand and respond to the needs and expectations of interested parties, assess  related environmental risks and opportunities,  and  allocate  sufficient  resources  to  the  ongoing  improvement  of the  following  environmental  and  energy  policies.  We  are  committed  to:  1.  Enforcing compliance obligations  to fulfill the  company’s  responsibilities  in  environmental  protection and energy  conservation .  2.  Improving  environmental  and  energy  management  systems , setting  and  achieving management objectives  to  verify compliance  with  established  polic ies .  3.  Promoting  environmental  and  energy  conservation  education  to  foster  employees '  eco - awareness .  4.  Supporting  green  design  and  procurement  to  increase  overall eco - efficiency .  5.  Fostering  a  low - carbon  operating  environment  to  establish  continu al  improvement  of  environmental  and  energy  efficiency  performance .  6.  Practicing circular economy to minimize resource  consumption and negative  environmental impacts .  IV.  Environmental and  Energy Policy

Page  4  of  6  Edition  :  A C  7.  Strengthening suppliers and partners engagement to optimize  green  supply  chain  management .  Please  refer  to  Environmental  and Energy  Policy  for details:  https://calec.china -  airlines.com/csr/en/download/pages/environmental_and_energy_statement_policies_stat  ement.pdf  Employee  Code  of  Conduct  is  applicable  to  all  employees  in  the  Group,  including:  1.  Service  p hilosophy  and  p rofessional  e thics;  2.  Safe  and  fair  w ork  e nvironment;  3.  Personal  character  and  integrity;  4.  Interaction  with  media  and  p ublic  i mage;  5.  Avoid  conflicts  of  i nterest;  6.  Antitrust  and  f air  c ompetition;  7.  Anti - corruption  standards  for  entertainment  and  gifts;  8.  Protect  Company  assets  and  intellectual  p roperty  r ights;  9.  Responsibility  and  obligation  to  r eport;  10.  Respect  h uman  rights;  11.  Commitment to environmental friendliness.  Please  refer  to  Employee  Code  of  Conduct  for  d etails:  https://www.china - airlines.com/tw/e n/investor - relations/important - company -  regula tions  Supplier Code of Conduct applies to all suppliers, contractors, service  providers  as well as subsidiaries, affiliates agencies, joint ventures and secondary  suppliers  (all referred to as  " Suppliers " ) involved in the provision of products and  services  to  the Group , or those whose products and services are used in  the Group ' s  products and  services.  1.  S uppliers  must  provide  a  safe  and  healthy  working  environment,  ensure  that  labors  enjoy  mutual  respect,  dignity,  equality,  and  comply with professional  standards for ethical behavior. They should also comply  with  the  law,  moral  expectations  and  display  a  commitment  to  the  social  environment  during  the  provision  of  products  and  services  to  the  Group;  2.  Laws  and  regulations  c ompliance;  V.  Employee Code of Conduct  VI.  Supplier Code of Conduct

Page  5  of  6  Edition  :  A C  3.  Human  r ights  and  labor  conditions:  prohibition  of  child  labor,  non -  discrimination,  remuneration  and  work  hours,  labor  freedom,  freedom  of  association  and  collective bargaining;  4.  Occupational  safety  and  h ealth;  5.  The  environment  protection;  6.  Fair  transactions  and  ethics;  7.  Quality  and s afety;  8.  Information  security.  Please  refer  to  China  Airlines  Supplier  Code  of  Conduct  for  details:  https://calec.china -  airlines.com/csr/en/download/pages/supplier_code_of_conduct.pdf  The  data management p olic y  and  objective s  of the Group  ar e as follows :  1.  Comply with personal data protection and  applicable  privacy laws and  regulations;  2.  To the extent permitted by applicable law s  and within the specific purpose,  collect,  process  and use  data subject ' s personal  data in a reasonable manner;  3.  Establish a personal data management system to implement  the  protection  of personal data ;  4.  Respect data subject ' s rights and interests  concerned to  his/her personal  data in accordance with applicable laws and regulations;  5.  Manage and supervise subcontractors  that  collect, process and use personal  data;  6.  Draw up  contingency plan s  in the event of  personal data  breaches ;  7.  Establish and maintain personal data inventor ies .  Please refer to China Airlines Privacy Protection for  details:  https://www.china - airlines.com/tw/en/terms - and - conditions/privacy - protection  The Information Security Policy of  the  Group  is  as follows:  1.  Ensure the security of information and information assets;  2.  Prevent  information  and  information  assets  from  any  unauthorized  infringements;  3.  Continu ing  mainta in  the  confidentiality,  integrity  and  availability  of  information and  information assets.  VII.  Personal Data  Management  Policy  VIII.  Information Security Policy

Page  6  of  6  Edition  :  A C  China  Airlines '  whistle - blowing channel, please find below :    Internal  channel :  wecare@china - airlines.com    Internal/ e xternal  channel :  auditor@china - airlines.com  For whistle - blowing channels  of  China  Airlines '  subsidiaries  and  joint  ventures ,  will  be  established separately.  IX.  Whistle - blowing System


</Logistics_China_China Airlines Group_2023.pdf>