ANA Group Code of Conduct
Our Way
We at the ANA Group are fully aware of the social mission and responsibility
that must be assumed by air transportation and all other business
operations of the ANA Group, and we will spare no effort in building a
sense of security and trust.
Our goal is to meet the expectations for security and trust by stakeholders,
including customers, shareholders, investors, business partners,clients,
employees, local communities, and public authorities, not only with respect
to our services and products for customers but also in all our actions and
behavior; we intend to create a society that can be handed down to future
generations through business activities based on the managerial principle
of fulﬁlling our corporate social responsibility (CSR).
Our goal is for all constituents of society to recognize our existence as useful
by improving customer satisfaction (CS) and employee satisfaction (ES) and
by fulﬁlling our responsibility for safety and compliance, as well as through
our commitment to solving social, environmental, and other problems,
while pursuing proﬁt through fair competition.
We place the highest priority on safety in business and choose compliance
with laws,regulations,and corporate ethics without question in conflicts
between such compliance and the pursuit of profit. We hereby pledge
to maintain a stance of accepting new challenges with the power of
our teamwork and not be satisfied with the status quo but to fulfill our
promises with pride and certainty and in good faith.

1

Basic Perspective of CSR
Shareholders/
Investors

Customers

Business
Partners

Environment and
Social Initiatives

Customer Satisfaction
(quality enhancement)

Employees

Employee Satisfaction
(motivation enhancement)
Public
Authorities

Communities

Financial Responsibility
Compliance Responsibility
Safety Responsibility
Global Environment

Basic Perspective of CSR in Relation to the Index
Customers

Ⅱ Customer Relations

Shareholders/Investors

Ⅲ Shareholder/Investor Relations

Business Partners

Ⅳ Business Partner/Competitor Relations

Global Environment

Ⅴ Public Relations (Environmental Conservation)

Local Community

Ⅴ Public Relations (Recognition in Local Communities)

Public Authorities

Ⅴ Public Relations (Government / Public Authority Relations)

Employees

Ⅵ Employee Relations (as an employee)
2

Ⅰ What is the ANA Group Code of Conduct?
Relation with the Group Philosophy
This Code of Conduct is characterized as the practical application of the
standards of behavior under the ANA Group Philosophy and Six Courses
of Action.

Scope of Application
This Code of Conduct applies to all executives and employees of the ANA Group.

Subordinate Rules
When any document that contains an explanation or a case study
related to the ANA Group Code of Conduct is created, in principle, such
document shall be characterized as the subordinate rules of the Code of
Conduct. We will observe such rules as well.

Ⅱ Customer Relations
Safe, High Quality Services and Products
We will ensure safety and respond to the trust of customers based on
the Group Safety Principles. We will accurately grasp diverse social needs
and provide safe services and products perceived as useful for society
that result in customer satisfaction and a sense of trust. We will provide
customers with appropriate information on our services and products. We
will not present misleading representation or unjustiﬁable premiums.

Management of Customer Information
We will rigidly manage customer information in accordance with the laws
and regulations concerning the protection of personal information and
prevent information leaks or abuse. We will not use customer information
beyond the scope promised to customers.

Accidents and Problems
We will implement all possible measures to prevent accidents and
problems. If any accident or problem should occur in connection with our
service or product, we will immediately the issue and implement prompt
measures under executive management leadership.

3

Ⅲ Shareholder/Investor Relations
Accountability
We will endeavor to disclose information to shareholders and investors
appropriately and on a timely basis to achieve full accountability.

Prohibition Against Insider Trading
We will not be involved in illegal insider trading.

Ⅳ Business Partner/Competitor Relations
Fair Relationship with Business Partners
We will exhibit fair, equitable, and transparent purchase behavior based
on economic rationality, giving consideration to the environment
and human rights. We will constantly review our business practices to
accommodate changes in circumstances. We will not be involved in illegal
acts, including unjustiﬁable abuse of buying power, rejection of deliveries,
returning goods, and delayed payment.

Observance of Antitrust (Competition) Laws and Regulations
We will observe antitrust (competition) laws and regulations in our
relations with all business partners and competitors.

Respect for Intellectual Property Rights
We will endeavor to create, protect, and use intellectual property rights. We will
respect and will not infringeviolate the intellectual property rights of others.

Giving/Receiving Personal Beneﬁt
We will follow the company standard when we entertain or give gifts to
business partners and when we are entertained or receive gifts. We will
not give/receive personal beneﬁt to/from business partners.

4

Ⅴ Public Relations
Appropriate and Prompt Information Transmission
We will communicate extensively with society and disclose corporate
information to stakeholders appropriately and on a timely basis.

Environmental Conservation
We are aware that working to solve environmental issues is essential for
any company and will take voluntary and active initiatives based on the
Group Environmental Principles. We will make every effort to reduce the
effects on the environment in our business activities. We will be actively
involved in the protection and conservation of the global environment
and resources even outside our business domain.

Integration into Local Communities
We will endeavor to do business based on mutual trust with local
communities. We will be actively involved in the local communities and
contribute to the activities or development of the community. We will
not only observe international rules and local laws but also respect local
customs and culture.

Contribution to Society
As a good corporate citizen,we will engage in social action programs for
the development of society.

Government/Public Authority Relations
We will observe related laws and regulations. We will establish and
maintain sound and transparent relationships with governments, public
authorities, and foreign governments.
We will have an open and active exchange of opinions with governments
and public authorities.

Ensuring Order and Safety for Citizens
We will resolutely confront the powers and groups that threaten the order
and safety of citizens. We will not aid or abet the activities of such powers
and groups.

Observation of Laws and Regulations on Imports/Exports
We will observe laws and regulations related to imports and exports as a
member of the international society.

5

Ⅵ Employee Relations (as an employee)
Respect for Individuals
We will respect each executive and employee as an individual and foster a
fair, equitable, free and vigorous corporate culture.

Human Resource Development
We will aim at developing human resources who are willing to face
challenges, based on the Group Human Resources Philosophy.

Promotion of Communication
We will strongly encourage communication within the ANA Group in order
to promote common understandings and enhance mutual trust amongst us.

Respect for Human Rights and Prohibition Against Discrimination/Harassment
We will develop a correct understanding of human rights and will endeavor
to be continuously involved in activities that promote human rights. We
will not illegally discriminate on the grounds of nationality, race, ethnicity,
religion, social standing, social origin, sex, age, physical/mental disability
and any other basis protected by law. We will not tolerate harassment that
damages the right to work and to a good work environment.

Safety and Health
We will ensure the safety and health of executives and employees in the
workplace and endeavor to build a comfortable work environment.

Work-Life Balance
We will create an environment where work and life are in balance and
where executives and employees can find purpose in work and life to
realize a life of comfort and afﬂuence.

Devotion to Duty and Diligence
We will realize our full potential at work and devote ourselves diligently
to our duties during working hours.

Management of Company Property and Information
We will prevent loss, theft, leaks and unauthorized use of company property
(tangible and intangible) or information to ensure strict control. We will
not disclose or leaks information without the going through prescribed
procedures during employment or after termination of employment.

6

Avoiding Conﬂicts of Interest

We will not seek personal proﬁt for ourselves or any third par ty by
sacriﬁcing the interests of the ANA Group.

Prohibition Against Violations of Devotion to Duty

We will not be involved in political or religious activities that may affect
the performance of assigned duties on company premises or during
working hours. We will not collect contributions, donations, or signatures
on company premises without permission from the company.

7

