This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Logistics_Japan_Mitsui O.S.K. Lines_2025.pdf>

MOL Group  Rules of Conduct  All company personnel must act within the following Rules of Conduct when carrying out their  duties.  (1)  Observe laws and regulations while at all times exercising due caution as a good  administrator.    Observe the laws and regulations and the like of Japan and all other nations, and  act in accordance with social standards and corporate ethics while at all times  exercising due caution as a good administrator.  (2)  Respect human rights and refuse to permit discrimination and harassment.    Respect every individual's basic human rights; and do not discriminate based on  ethnicity, faith, religion, nationality, age, sex, class, disability, and the like.    Understand, appreciate, and value the diversity of cultures, customs, and so on, in  every area and nation, and work to achieve harmony between them.    Do not subject anyone to sexual harassment or make offensive sexual remarks and  do not act or speak in a way that might be misunderstood as sexual harassment.    Do not cause mental or physical suffering to anyone or act in a way that negatively  affects the working environment by ignoring a person's human rights or speaking or  acting in a way that does not respect an individual's human rights by using your  position  or authority in the workplace or exceeding the appropriate scope of your  delegated authority.    Do not, through speech or behavior regarding pregnancy, childbearing, child rearing,  or caregiving, commit an act that harasses another party, that damages the work  environment, or that impedes the use of any systems related to pregnancy and  childbearing.    Do not engage in conduct that is socially unacceptable, such as abusive language,  intimidation,  unreasonable  demands,  or  sexually  or  discriminatorily  offensive  behavior, by  taking  advantage  of the  company position  or authority, against  customers, business  partners and their officers or employees, specific contractors,  students engaged in job hunting activities or internships, or similar parties.  (3)  Protect confidential information and respect intellectual property rights.    Do not reveal confidential company information to a third party without permission  and do not use such information improperly.    Handle confidential information from third parties such as clients and contractors in  the same way as you would handle the company's confidential information.    Do not buy or sell shares of the company or outside companies based on knowledge  of important internal information of the company or other companies obtained in the

course of carrying out duties until that information is officially announced, observing  internal business regulations regarding the prevention of insider trading (Insider  trading is prohibited).    Do not use or obtain confidential information from third parties unjustly.    Do not violate the intellectual property rights of third parties, for example, by copying  or using computer software without authorization.  (4)  Clearly separate official and personal conduct, avoid conflicts of interest.    Do not act against the company's interests.    Do not use company property or funds for any activities against the company's  interests.  (5)  Stand firm against antisocial forces.    Take a stern and uncompromising attitude against antisocial forces and groups that  may threaten public order and safety, and never take part in antisocial acts.  (6)  Act with awareness of social responsibilities.    Endeavor to make a positive contribution towards realization of a better society as  a good corporate citizen in international society and communities.    Recognize the importance of transparency in management and properly disclose  corporate  information  to  promote  understanding  and  trust  among  various  stakeholders, remaining aware that the company is a member of society.  (7)  Actively work to ensure safe operations and protect the environment.    Voluntarily and rigorously work to protect the marine and global environment, by  fully enforcing safe operations of vessels, respecting environmental laws and  regulations, and observing the MOL Group Environmental Policy Statement.  (8)  Build good relationships based on trust with clients and contractors.    Strive to build strong, trusting business relationships and partnerships with honesty,  fairness and transparency.    Do not engage in socially inappropriate behavior of abusive language, intimidation,  unreasonable  demands,  or  sexually  or  discriminatorily  offensive  behavior  by  leveraging the business position.    Respect various laws and regulations in Japan, including antitrust laws and the Act  against Delay in Payment of Subcontract Proceeds, Etc. to Subcontractors, as well  as similar laws and regulations outside Japan, and observe the company's Rules of  Conduct  Related to Antitrust Laws in order to maintain and promote free and fair  competition.    Do not give or accept money, expensive gifts, business entertainment, or economic  benefits of an inappropriate value when dealing with representatives of contractors

or other parties.    Do not give, offer or promise bribes or illegal benefits in any relationship with public  servants in Japan or overseas.  (9)  Drinking alcohol    At occasions where alcoholic beverages, etc. are consumed, maintain dignity and  moderation as employees of the Company, and behave in a disciplined manner so  as not to cause harassment, violence, nuisance, leakage of information, drunken  driving, or other  violations of laws and regulations caused by alcohol consumption.    Drinking alcohol while at work, resuming work after drinking alcohol, or working  while under the influence of alcohol is strictly prohibited. However, if the superior  determines that an emergency response is necessary due to a sudden accident,  etc., and ha s verified that there is no problem with the ability to perform duties, the  necessary response shall be taken in accordance with the superior’s instructions .  (10)  Provide  guidance  and  supervision  of  these  Rules  of  Conduct  by  individuals  in  management positions.    Directors, executive officers and employees in management positions shall provide  guidance and supervision to company personnel so that the Rules of Conduct are  followed faithfully, and request observance of the Rules of Conduct to outsourcing  companies wh ich dispatch their employees to MOL Group Companies.  (11)  Report and consult on discovering suspected breaches.    A company  individual  should  report  or  consult  with  the  Compliance  Officer,  Compliance  Committee  Officer,  Internal  Compliance  Advisory  Service  Desk  stipulated in Article 12, or External Compliance Advisory Service Desk stipulated in  Article 13 without delay , if he or she learns of a breach or suspected breach of  compliance; and not tacitly approve or cover up breaches by company personnel.    Company personnel shall cooperate with investigations related to any alleged  breach.    The company strictly maintains the confidentiality of company personnel who report  or consult about a breach and cooperate in related investigations and will ensure  they are not subject to retribution and shall not be treated unfavorably.  Established on 30 th  of November 2001  Revised on  27 th  of  June  202 5


</Logistics_Japan_Mitsui O.S.K. Lines_2025.pdf>