This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Logistics_Japan_Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha_2025.pdf>

1  /  5 “ K ”  L INE  Implementation Guide for  Charter of Conduct 1  “ K”  LINE  Implementation Guideline s  for  the  Charter of Conduct  Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha, Ltd. (hereinafter  “K”  LINE ) has  established  the following implementation  guideline s  for putting the  spirit of  the  Charter of Conduct: “K”  LINE  Group Companies  into practice.  1.  Respect for h uman rights  The “K” LINE Group will consistently respect the human rights of all stakeholders involved in its business  activities. The “K” LINE Group will strive to develop and  improve safe and pleasant work environment for  its employees to provide them with comfortable and affluent lives.  1 - 1 “K”  LINE  will  respect  the human rights  of  all  people , strive  not  to  violate or discriminate against the  human rights of  people  affected by  its  business activities an d  not be  complicit, even indirectly, in  human rights abuses.  1 - 2 “K”  LINE  will respect  international  norms  related to human rights , comply with  “ K ”  LINE Group Basic  Policy on Human Rights, and strive to  comply  with  laws and regulations related to  labor and human  rights  applicable  in  each country and region  where  it  operate s .  1 - 3  T o minimize  any  adverse  impact  it has  on human rights,  “K”  LINE  will  conduct human rights due  diligence, assess both  actual  and potential human rights risks associated with  its  business activities ,  and take  measures  to prevent or mitigate  them .  1 - 4  “ K ”  LINE  will  r espect the rights of  socially  vulnerable  people  exposed  to  risks of their  human rights  being  violat ed , such as indigenous people in  the  regions where  it  operate s  and contribute to the  development  of an inclusive society.  1 - 5  “ K ”  LINE  will  protect  its employees  from  forced or compulsory labor  including over ly  long working  hours, strive to eliminate all  forms  of  forced labor  such as  bonded labor, human trafficking and slave  labor, including any unintentional complicity in such activities . “K” LINE will also strive to  effectively  eliminate  child labor.  1 - 6 “K” L INE  will  strive  to  respect the diversity of employees and  ensure  that  employees are treated  equal ly  without discrimination on any grounds, including but not limited to nationality, race, ethnicity, gender,  sexual orientation, gender identity, creed  or  religion,  disability, etc.,  in terms of recruitment,  employment and worker treatment .  1 - 7 “K” L INE  will strive to prevent  all forms of harassment, including power harassment and sexual  harassment, as well as slander and defamation that  harm s  the dignity of individuals .  “ K ”  LINE will  promptly and adequately respond  to any such event that  may occur .  1 - 8  T o assist each employee  of the corporation in the  maximiz ation of their  potential  and their  achiev ement  of  self - actualization, “K”  LINE  will  strive to adequate ly assign  personnel  to tasks  and  provide  the  education, training and other systems  necessary  to facilitate  the  balance between career planning and  human resource utilization.  1 - 9  “K”  LINE  will  evaluate personnel in an  objective and unbiased  manner  through  a  due process of  appraisal and  it will treat employees  fair ly  and equal ly .  1 - 10  “K”  LINE  will promote  a healthy  work - life balance by  establishing  necessary systems such as work  schedule flexibility and leave systems.  1 - 11  T o promote health - conscious management,  “K”  LINE  will properly manage workplace health  conditions, maintain a safe and appropriate work environment and support employees’ efforts to  maintain their mental and physical health.  1 - 12  “K” L INE  will e nsure  the  safety of its  employees in the ir  work environment  ensuring there are  sufficient security systems in place.  Additionally, we ensure that the use of outside security personnel  (e.g., armed guards) does not unreasonably infringe on the rights of local residents.  1 - 13  “K”  LINE  will prepare a disaster manual and  establish  a crisis management system for its  employees

2  /  5 “ K ”  L INE  Implementation Guide for  Charter of Conduct 2  and their families by  establishing stores of  emergency supplies and a safety confirmation system.  2.  Compliance with laws, regulations and other social norms  The “K” LINE Group promises to  comply with applicable laws, ordinances, rules and other norms of  behavior in both the domestic and international community and conduct its corporate activities properly in  good faith through fair, transparent and free competition.  2 - 1 “K”  LINE  promises to comply with laws and ordinances  in each country and region where it operates ,  such as  competition laws, anti - corruption / bribery laws, intellectual property  laws ,  laws and  regulations  regarding  insider trading  and  laws and  regulations  regarding  security trade control  polic ies , as well as  the  conventions  and  rules of the international community  related to the se matters ,  and  the  values  of  society, including  ethical and moral  standards.  2 - 2 “K”  LINE  recognizes that  the  regulations  on fair competition  in each country  in which it operates  are  the basic rule s  for fair, transparent and free competition, and  it  promises to  neither  enter into any  agreement in breach of these  regulations  nor abuse its dominant position.  2 - 3 “K”  LIN E’s  procure ment  activities  and  business  transactions will always be in line with the  appropriate  polic i es outlined below and  it will always  maintain fair and sound relationships with its business  partners.  1  P urchasing decisions  will be  made  with  opportunities  provided fairly and  the fair and impartial  evaluation  of not  just the  economic aspects  of the matter,  such as quality, cost  and  delivery ,  but  also consideration  of  society  and  the environment.  2  P rocurement  activities  will be  conducted in  compl iance  with laws, ordinances, social norms and  business ethics and  cooperative relationships  based on mutual trust are established  with business  partners.  3  P rocurement  activities  will be  conducted  by  du ly considering sustainability and  responsibilities  to  society ,  including  respect for human rights, health and safety and environmental preservation.  4  T ransactions with business partners  will be  conducted  in an  appropriate  manner  for coexistence  and co - prosperity throughout the supply chain.  S ufficient consultation shall be conducted  w hen  determining transaction  terms  such as  prices , including regular opportunities .  5  I nformation  gained through the procurement process  will be  properly  managed .  2 - 4 “K”  LINE  will maintain transparent and sound relationships with governments and regulatory  authorities.  2 - 5 “K”  LINE  will neither offer nor receive any excessive entertainment, gifts or other favors beyond  commonly accepted business courtesies.  2 - 6 “K”  LINE  will neither offer nor receive bribe s , and it will not give or accept entertainment, gifts or  other favors with the aim of  receiving  unfair  benefits or  preferential treatment.  2 - 7  “K”  LINE  will not tolerate any  acts  by its officers and employees  for the benefit of themselves or third  parties that may harm the interest of the company .  2 - 8  “K”  LINE  will seek to protect and fully utilize its intellectual property and respect  the  intellectual  property rights of others.  2 - 9  “K”  LINE  will  establish  strict internal rules and procedures to prevent any insider trading or suspicious  activities from occurring and keep every member of “K”  LINE  duly informed  of  these  rules and  procedures  to ensure compliance .  2 - 10  “K”  LINE  will establish an internal reporting system and necessary measures for con tinually  monitoring  its  compliance status and  it  will respond  to any problem that may arise in a  timely and  effective  manner .  2 - 1 1  “ K ”  LINE  will not treat any  group  employee  adversely for complying with applicable laws, regulations  or policies  regarding  internal reporting, etc .

3  /  5 “ K ”  L INE  Implementation Guide for  Charter of Conduct 3  2 - 1 2  “K”  LINE  will  establish a  mechanism  for  ensur ing  compliance with laws and regulations concerning  security trade control polic ies .  2 - 1 3  “ K ”  LINE will  protect and manage  its  confidential information appropriately and strictly ,  and  it will  use it in  its  business activities.  2 - 1 4  “ K ”  LINE will  strictly manage personal information, customer information and information related to  the  privacy  of stakeholders, such  as  customers, business partners  or  employees ,  in accordance with  laws, regulations and social norms.  3 .  Earn ing , maintain ing , and enhanc ing  the trust of all stakeholders  The “K” LINE Group will earn, maintain, and enhance the trust of  all stakeholders, including customers,  business  partners,  shareholders,  employees,  governments,  local  communities  and  the  international  community.  3 - 1 To promote extensive communication with stakeholders such as shareholders and investors, “K” L INE  will disclose all facts  and corporate information,  including accounting  and  financial  information,  and  other accurate accounting and tax management  records ,  in a  timely  and appropriate  manner.  3 - 2 “K”  LINE w ill promote communication with shareholders and  investors through general shareholders  meetings and investor - relations activities.  3 - 3 “K”  LINE  will comply with all applicable laws, regulations, rules, policies and corporate ethics in  its  advertising and public relations activities, including the use of social media.  A ddition ally ,  “ K ”  LINE  will eliminate false and exaggerated statements and ensure that information, content and statements  are fair, accurate and appropriate, with due regard  for the  avoid ance of  social discrimination and  human rights violations.  3 - 4  “K” L INE  will provide customers with adequate information concerning its services and will respond  to inquiries in good faith .  3 - 5  “K” L INE  will du ly  consider harmony with  the  public interest in recognition of the public nature of  international maritime transport.  3 - 6  “K” L INE  will contribute to the development of each  country  by  providing  knowledge and  expertise ,  cooperating in human resources development and deepening friendship s  with related companies and  organizations.  3 - 7  “K” L INE  will ask local business partners in each  country  to understand the spirit of its Charter of  Conduct and its  approach to  sustainability  and to improve their activities as needed.  4.  Promotion of safety in navigation and  cargo  operation s  The “K” LINE Group regards safety in navigation and cargo operations as a top priority and strives to  provide higher quality, safer and more optimized services taking a customer - first approach.  4 - 1 “K”  LINE  recognizes safety in navigation and  cargo  operation s  and the consequent preservation of  the  global and marine environment  as its immediate top priority ,  and  it  ensures  the  safety and quality of  its services center ed  on international maritime transport.  4 - 2  T o contribute to society through safe ty in  navigation and  cargo  operation s ,  “ K ”  LINE  will  enhance  its  management structure for ensuring safety in navigation , including  its  crisis management  capabilities ,  strengthen  its  ship management system and secure and  train  maritime officers.  5 .  Proactive efforts to address environmental issues  To realize a sustainable society, the “K” LINE Group recognizes that global environmental efforts are a key  issue for all of humanity and that they are essential for both business activities and the existence of the  company. Additionally, the “K” LINE Grou p is committed to proactively engaging in the development of

4  /  5 “ K ”  L INE  Implementation Guide for  Charter of Conduct 4  a low - carbon or carbon - free transition of both “K” LINE itself and society.  5 - 1  “ K ”  LINE  will contribute to  the creation of  a global  carbon - free  society by promoting  initiatives  to  reduce environmental impact throughout  its  supply chain, working toward  the  Group ’ s  policy of  achieving  n et - z er o  GHG  emissions by 2050.  5 - 2 “K”  LINE  will promote efforts to  establish  a material - cycle society  by  reinforcing  the efficient use of  energy and resources  (including green ship recycle) .  5 - 3  To continuously reduce the  adverse effects  its business activities have on the  environment ,  “K”  LINE  will  set goals and targets  for  environmental  conservation ,  endeavor to develop technology and  establish new business models that will help reduce  these  adverse effects.  5 - 4 “K”  LINE  will consider all  of  the environmental risks contingent  on  its business activities and take  measures  to address  them.  5 - 5 “K”  LINE  will  promote  various  efforts  to conserve biodiversity and  realize  sustainabl e society, such as  minimizing the  impact  of  ballast water and living organisms that attach to ship hulls  on  ecosystems .  6.  Promotion of  Digital transformation (DX) and innovation  Through DX and innovation, the “K” LINE Group refines its strengths in safety, quality and environmental  technology to provide new values for customers and society, embracing changes.  6 - 1  “ K ”  LINE is  committed to pursuing innovation in  the areas of  safety,  quality and  environment al  technolog y  for the establishment of a  low - carbon  or  carbon - free society.  6 - 2  “ K ”  LINE will further advance the digitalization of information ,  business  processes  and  vessels,  enhance  its  core  safety,  quality and  environmental  technology  value  through the utilization of data and  digital technology, and increase the added value of  its  services to further  strengthen  competitiveness.  7 . Contribution to society  As a good  corporate citizen, the “K” LINE Group will make ongoing efforts to contribute to the  development of sustainable society.  7 - 1 “K”  LINE  will set up an in - house structure  for  promoting social contribution activities .  7 - 2 “K”  LINE  will  gather information  about  social issues worldwide,  identify priority  sustainability  issues  in light of its management philosophy and promote  social contribution  activities  using  its resources.  7 - 3 “K”  LINE  will  continue to  proactively contribute to society  by  cooperatin g  and collaboratin g  with a  broad range of stakeholders, including NPO s,  NGO s , local communities, government agencies and  international organizations.  7 - 4 “K”  LINE  will support its employees’ voluntary participation in social activities such as volunteer work.  7 - 5 “K”  LINE  will prepare for possible relief  activities  and  the provision of  aid  due to a  disaster or  other  marine accident and  increase its contributions to society  leveraging its expertise  and technology ,  including  the  transport ation  of necessary resources when needed.  7 - 6  “ K ”  LINE  will  handle  donations and sponsorships for contributi ng to society  in a transparent and  reasonable manner in compliance with relevant laws, regulations and social norms to ensure that they  do not constitute unfair profit sharing or inappropriate expenditures.  8.  Th orough  risk management  The “K” LINE Group recognizes the various risks associated with its business activities and will thoroughly  manage them to fulfill its responsibilities to society as a corporation.  8 - 1  “ K ”  LINE  will address various business risks , such as cyberattacks or terrorism,  to keep them within

5  /  5 “ K ”  L INE  Implementation Guide for  Charter of Conduct 5  the extent of  sustainable business continuity and establish policies in advance to mi tigate  the impact  of risks  to  corporate  management should they materialize.  8 - 2  “ K ”  LINE  will develop a business continuity plan  (BCP)  and strive to enhance response capabilities  during normal times to prepare for emergencies such as large - scale natural disasters  or  infectious  disease s .  8 - 3  In cooperation with authorities and organizations concerned, “K”  LINE  will endeavor  to  eliminat e  anti -  social forces  and  mobilize the entire corporation to act in accordance with the law and prevent  them  from  harming it .  “K” LINE’s m anagement recognizes  that it is its role to realize the spirit of the Charter and leads the  implementation of this Charter in an exemplary manner while setting up effective mechanisms for its  implementation throughout “K” LINE  and its group companies .  Management also seeks to cooperate with  its business counterparts .  From the perspective of risk management, management establishes internal  systems for preventing incidents in breach of the Charter, and, should such an event occur, “K” LINE’s  management will decisively resolve th e problem, conduct a thorough investigation to determine the causes  of the matter and take preventative measures. Additionally, management will expeditiously and accurately  disclose information and fulfill its duties to be accountable to society.  Adopted  December 2006  Revised  August  2012  Revised  April  2025


</Logistics_Japan_Kawasaki Kisen Kaisha_2025.pdf>