This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Manufacturing_China_Haier_2022.pdf>

Code of  Conduct  July  202 2

CODE OF  CONDUCT  Table of Contents  Summary  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ............................  3  Our Core Values  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ..............  3  1.  Introduction  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ...............  4  2.  Observing Laws & Regulations and the Company's  Policies & Processes  .....................  5  3.  Our Employees and Workplace ................................ ................................ ................................ .........  6  4.  Company’s Assets ................................ ................................ ................................ ................................ ....  8  5.  Relation s  with Customers  ................................ ................................ ................................ .................  1 2  6.  Relation s  with Business Partners  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...  1 2  7.  Relation s  with Competitors  ................................ ................................ ................................ ..............  1 4  8.  Relation s  with Government  ................................ ................................ ................................ .............  1 5  9.  Relation s  with Investors and Media  ................................ ................................ .............................  1 5  10.  Non - c ompet e  Agreement s  ................................ ................................ ................................ ...............  1 5

3  ➢  Summary  As the world's leading Internet of things ( “ IoT ” ) ecosystem enterprise, Haier Group commits to  observ ing  the highest standards of ethical  behavior  and conduct.  The purpose of the Haier Group Code  of Conduct (hereinafter referred as  the  “ Code ”) is to provide employees with a set of guidelines  in  order  to comply with applicable law, regulation s  and best standards .  The  C ode is an essential  document  for the promotion of  Haier’s  Rendanheyi model . Rendanheyi is the  “basic law”  and  core  of Haier Group  with the aim of maximizing the value of people, advocat ing  for  employee s , creat ing  value for customers and realiz ing  self - improvement.  ➢  Our Core  Values  Haier Europe’s core value s  require our employees to:  Create values for users and customers ,  being  devoted to providing customers worldwide with better  life solutions.  Be honest and trustworthy ,  in  follow ing  the highest professional ethics, firmly implement ing  the  group strategy.  Take the initiative and be responsible ,  to  implement Rendanheyi, take the initiative and be  responsible to wards the  achieve ment of  goals.  Carry forward  entrepreneurship and innovation, become your own CEO ,  to  carry forward the spirit  of entrepreneurship and innovation in  one’s  work, make the impossible possible, create the best  customer experience, and become your own CEO.  Powered by the Rendanheyi model , Haier Europe is guided by Haier Attitude  and its  three main  traits:  •  Entrepreneurship & Innovation  •  Zero Distance  •  IoT & Ecosystem Thinking

4  1.  Introduction    Applicability  The Code is applic able to  the employees of  Haier and Candy legal entities directly and indirectly  controlled by Haier Europe Appliances Holding B.V. (hereinafter referred  to  either as “ Haier Europe ”  or  the  “ Company ”).  The principles set out  in this document  are  addressed  to  employees  as well as the  Board of Directors,  auditors, shareholders,  contractors, consultants ,  advisors  and any party  employed by the  Company.  All  of  the above recipients  shall acknowledge, understand and agree to abide by the content of the  Code.  In ad dition, all employees shall follow the Code of Ethics, policies, procedures and guidelines set out  by the Companies, their own department s  and applicable professional standards.    Purpose  The  C ode is developed to help employees realize self - management, self - improvement and maximize  one’s own value  with in Haier  Europe ’s ecosystem.  The Code  is  our moral compass ,  which guides our behavior as we carry out day to day activities ;  any  local company or  department rules shall not contradict th is  Code.    Responsibility of Management  M anagement shall firmly implement Haier  Europe ’s IoT Ecosystem str a t e gy  with effective ness such as  to help employees realiz e  self - improvement,  maximiz e  their value and  creat e  value for  users and  customers.  M anagement shall create an environment for fair competition and a positive atmosphere.  It  shall act  according to the Code and guide other members, be responsible for managing and supervising team  members to observe the Code ,  establish procedures to  carry out the main activitie s in a structured  way ,  supervis e  employees,  prevent  risks  and detect violations.  In the event of a violation, management shall be responsible for halting, correcting and minimizing  its  impact in a timely manner.    Reporting  A llegations  We shall observe Haier  Europe 's rules and legal obligations. Employees may report any suspicious  breach of conduct  by the following means:    Compliance Hotline  https://secure.ethicspoint.eu/domain/media/en/gui/101937/index.html  (this hotline is available  o n the  corporate website and in the  intranet section ,  where report ing  can be an onymous ) .    Email  690legal@haier.com    Letter to the attention of European Internal Audit Department  The letter shall be sent to  Candy Hoover Group .  S.r.l. Via Privata Eden Fumagalli, 20861,  Brugherio MB,  Italy.

5  The department or personnel receiving the report shall keep the personal information of the  individual  reporting the concern  confidential ,  treat the information  as private,  and take prompt steps to  investigate  the relevant  misconduct and  allegation s .  Haier Europe  will not tolerate  threatening or  retaliatory  acts against any individual who reports a violation in good faith.    Questions  Should you have any queries in re lation  to the Code ,  please contact  the Legal & Compliance  department.    Disciplinary Action s  V iolation s  of this Code and  its  underlying  policies will not be tolerated.  Any violation of the Code may  be deemed a violation of employment contract obligations and  entail  consequences ,  up to the  termination of employment .  In  applicable  case s , violations may  have  legal  consequences  or may be  subject to  prosecution.  2.  Observing Laws & Regulations and the Company's Policies & Processes  Haier  Europe  devotes  itself to being  a fai r , legal and ethical enterprise ;  employees must observe all  applicable laws and regulations, and ensure  the application of  Haier  Europe 's core value s  to all  businesses. Failure to observe such laws and regulations  may  cause  serious  harm to the Company and  individuals.    Observing Laws &  Regulations  Employees  shall act in compliance  with  laws ,  regulations  and best practices.    Observing the Company's Policies & Processes  Observing process systems and providing  due  warning  in advance  Employees  are required to understand and strictly observe the Company's processes and  guidance  related to  their  job responsibilities, and shall perform  their  duties accordingly.  Employees  shall  exercise  the  authority within the  remit  of  their  responsibility  under that process,  and  comply with  rules  and provide timely warning s  to prevent  violations.  System and process optimization  Employees  endeavor to  constantly  improve processes ,  and  are  also welcome  to make  suggestions  through  their  direct supervisors or dedicated  departments ; current processes should be strictly  observed before  any  revisions are formally approved.  Oppos ition to the  establishment of processes without permission  In the event of ambiguity , doubts  or contradictions during the implementation of processes,  employees  shall  seek advice  from  t he department  owner of  such processes or the relevant internal  control department, and collaborate with dedicated functions to agree upon solutions ,  obtain clarity  or permission s  and refrain from violating rules  in  any way .

6  3.  Our Employees and  the  Workplace    Honesty  Employees should firmly establish the Haier spirit of "integrity ecology and win - win evolution", create  user value and trust  by way of a  good reputation in the promotion of Rendanheyi, and  create mutual  appreciation of  its  reputation.    Professionalism  Prof essionalism refers to the display of job competency that characterizes any profession in the  conduct of day to day activities at work.  Professional ism  encompasses  multiple factors, which can be  reflected in the following aspects:    Creating value for  customers  Only by  c reating value for customers  and trust can  we  maximize our own value. Creating value for  customers is the embodiment of our own values. Employees shall be devoted to providing customers  and users  worldwide with better life solutions.    Observing professional ethics  Employees should follow the highest  professional ethics during business, seek truth from facts, take  objective facts as the ir  basis, adhere to a rigorous and realistic attitude towards all work, and firmly  implement the group strategy.    Taking the initiative and be ing  responsible  We  encourage a sense of ownership for our own goals and work, having the determination to  overcome difficulties, defy challenges ,  complete work satisfactorily, and have the professional  ability  to  mak e  quick response s  and  tak e  immediate action. In addition, w e hope that everyone will have the  capability of continuous learning  and  improvement, and strengthen our occupational skills.    Carrying forward the spirit of entrepreneurship and innovation  Employees should pursue goals, carry forward the spirit of entrepreneurship and innovation in work,  not fear challenges,  make the impossible possible, create the best customer experience, and become  their  own CEO.    Emphasizing teamwork  Cooperation and  teamwork  across business  areas  are elements that keep us dynamic  and  create  strength .  The Company encourages active cooperation among st  all employees ,  and believe s  in  borderless  teamwork  across  departments  to  achieve  win - win  strategies  through  effective  co mmunication and prompt action.    Finishing work handover as required  During employment, we will gain access to business data and information. When  employees  are  transferred to another position or leave the Company, such data or information is very  important for  the successor to fulfill their job responsibilities. Therefore, we shall complete handover procedures as  required  and make sure that the information has been properly archived.

7    Anti - Discrimination and Anti - Harassment  Our employees are regard ed as our greatest  assets and  resources. We shall respect and safeguard the  rights and interests of our employees,  and  devote ourselves to creating a fair and competitive  environment to prevent any  type of  discrimination  or  harassment.    Treating  employees fairly  Haier  Europe  offers equal opportunities to everyone. With respect to recruitment, salary ,  welfare,  career development, and award ,  disciplinary measures, we make decisions based on objective facts,  refrain from discriminating  or  treat ing  anyone differently due to  their  nationality, place of birth,  gender,  health or sexual belief,  age, physical characteristics, interests and hobbies, r eligious faith ,  etc.    Eliminating harassment  Haier  Europe  will not tolerate any act of humiliation, threat or hostility. We respect others and avoid  situations where our behavior  may  be deemed inappropriate.    Protecting Individual Privacy  We shall protect all personal information, including names, contact informa tion, employment  information, property information, age,  place of origin , race or nationality,  religious or philosophical  belief, health  status  or sexual orientation .  Haier  Europe  respects rights regarding privacy of individuals (including  employees, clients, users and  suppliers), and strictly observe s  relevant laws and regulations where applicable in regards to obtaining,  using or disclosing personal information.  Haier  Europe  and  its  authorized employees shall retain personal information  as  regards  employment  and performance, and protect personal information with means  such as  to prevent improper intrusion,  damage,  modification , storage or use. Any other personal information shall not be used unless such  persons are informed and permit us  to do so.    Health, Safety and  the  Environment  We believe that  the protection of  h ealth, safety and  the  environment ( "HSE ") is  an essential  requirement for  the development of Haier Europe, and is an important part of our production and  operation  activities .  We strive to achieve the HSE goal of zero fire risks, zero injuries ,  zero safety related accidents, and  zero hidden hazards. We devote ourselves to providing a healthy and safe working environment for  everyone, to fulfill our corporate social r esponsibility and protect the environment. The achievement  of our HSE goal requires the participation and effort of everyone.    Observing HSE laws & regulations and internal rules  We shall observe HSE law s,  regulations , best practices  and internal rules, learn and understand HSE  information  related to our own position, and strengthen HSE awareness.    Maintaining a healthy and safe workplace  A healthy and safe workplace is the foundation of our work .  Haier  Europe  endeavors to establish and  maintain a healthy and safe workplace, and provide  workplace  safety and hygiene conditions  in  compliance with  legal provisions and  applicable  labor protection  law .

8    Promote a  healthy culture  Haier actively cultivates a  positive workplace culture, is committed to creating a working environment  with mutual respect  that is  positive for one’s  health,  free from  prejudice and harassment, and  resolutely opposes sexual harassment or violations in any form , in  all interpersonal c ommunication.    Protecting ecology and environment  We believe in the  sustainable development of production, operation and environmental protection.  We shall utilize energy, water and other resources efficiently, and reduce pollution ,  waste  and  toxic  substances in an economical and feasible way.    ESG and Sustainable Development  Haier Europe actively implements the concept of ESG (Environment, Society and Governance),  practices  a  green sustainable development strategy, highlights social responsibility and improves  its  brand value.  Haier Europe  has  actively responded to national policies, fulfilled its obligations of  ecological and environmental protection, effectively controlled g reenhouse gas emissions, actively  responded to risks and opportunities arising from climate change, and strictly adhered to the  compliance red line.    Proper h andling  events related to health, safety and  the  environment  Employees shall regularly evaluate, i dentify and timely eliminate potential safety hazards. In  the event  of  hazards to  personal safety, health and  the  environment, employees may stop working or take  any  emergency measures to leave the workplace, so as to  prevent  personal injuries and property losses.  In case of  an  emergency or accident,  employees  shall timely report  such  to the ir  direct supervisor and  dedicated  department s , and take corresponding actions  according to the emergency plan to control ,  reduce and eliminate  the impact of the event.  4.  Company Assets    Protecting the Company Assets  Company assets are the foundation for sustainable development,  which  include tangible and  intangible assets. Tangible assets include ,  but  are  not limited to ,  products, materials, machinery ,  equipment , supporting facilities for buildings etc.;  intangible assets include ,  but  are  not limited to ,  brand,  reputation, data,  software , patent right s , trademark and  copyright ,  etc.    C ompany  Property  Employees shall exercise due care and take effective measures to protect the Company's  property ,  and  use and dispose  of  assets responsibly  with the aim  of  prevent ing  waste, damage, loss, misuse,  misappropriation or infringement.  Without the Company's approval and authorization, employees shall neither sell, transfer, lend or  otherwise dispose  of  assets at will, nor make guarantee or demonstration s  in the name of the  C ompany.    Digital Assets  Digital assets refer to assets owned or controlled by the Company, which exist in the form of electronic  data and are expected to bring economic benefits to the enterprise, such as data generated in business  activities ,  other  transactions or consumer information. Employees shall comply with laws, regulations ,  company policies and procedures ,  and take effective measures to protect the Company's digital assets

9  during any use.    Repaying loans on time  Employees may take loans  from  the Company  such as  for  traveling expenses and other approved  costs ,  which must be paid back  to the Company on time .  In the event of failure  to make the repayment on  time, the Company  is entitled  to deduct the money from  the  employee ’  s  salar y . Employees shall repay  loans in accordance to company policies  within  the day of  submitting  the ir  resignation .    Protecting the Company’s Brand and Reputation  As the world's first IoT Ecosystem brand, Haier  Europe 's brand value and brand equity need to be  actively  supported  by all employees. Employees should resolutely stop anyone from damaging the  Company's brand and reputation in any form.    Protecting Company Information    Protecting the Company's confidential inf ormation  Confidential information is subjected to the protection of security measures by the Company.  Confidential information refers to technical and operational information that can  offer  Haier  Europe  direct or indirect economic benefits or other  advantages .  Confidential information also includes all th e  oral and written information as well as the data in the Company’s systems  as regards Haier’s  products,  production, business, operation and management  as well as that of  its affiliated parties ,  obta ined by  employees during the ir work  activities.  We must abide by the Company's information security policies, and take effective measures to protect  such confidential information.    Avoiding disclosing confidential information  Employees shall not  disclose confidential information regarding Haier  Europe . We shall not discuss  confidential information with any unauthorized personnel. We shall not talk about confidential  information in public areas where unauthorized personnel  are present , such as in t he elevators, dining  rooms or canteens, public transport ,  trade fairs, or when using mobile phones, internet, traditional  and electronic media or databases. It should be especially noted that we shall also avoid mentioning  confidential information when tal king with our family members or friends.  Except required by business or legal requirement s , we shall avoid disclosing , disseminating and using  internal business information to third parties .    Financial Information and Operation al  Data  O perational and financial information, reports and records  obtained  during daily operation are  important assets  of the Company . This information shall be  properly managed to ensure  the  accuracy  of data, timeliness of reports ,  completeness of records, as wel l as  their  quick and reliable retrieval.    Observing accounting rules  Employees shall observe Haier  Europe 's accounting policies ,  procedures,  rules , best practices  and  applicable laws and regulations. The Company's accounting records and statements shall  truthfully  and accurately  reflect transaction information.  Employees shall strictly implement Haier  Europe ’s internal procedures when conducting such business  trans actions, financial  loans  and reimbursement.  E xpenses to be reimbursed must be truly incurred ,

10  demonstrated ,  and  comply with  relevant policies of the Company. False , inaccurate  or  inappropriate  business expenses  will  not be reimbursed.    Providing true  and accurate records and reports  Operational and financial information and data must be true, accurate, complete and  provided in a  timely manner . It is prohibited  to  conceal,  forge or  manipulat e  records,  or create , provid e  or disclos e  false reports and relevant information.    Keeping complete account ing records  and information  Employees shall keep  and archive  properly  all business data, including but not limited to business  records, contracts, approval documents, financial instruments and books  with the aim  of  ensur ing  completeness and  the  accuracy of business data. Employees shall systematically file and keep such  data  according to the Company's rules and relevant laws and regulations.    Protecti on of  Intellectual Property  Intellectual property  includ es,  but  is  not limited to ,  patent, trademark, copyright, proprietary  technology and trade secret s . Intellectual property is an important asset, and is a critical strategic tool  in achieving business targets. We emphasize the creation, protection and  u se  of the Company's  intellectua l propert y .  Employees shall follow the Company's policies regarding intellectual property,  and  duly protect and  use Haier's intellectual property.  Employees shall apply for  the  registration of new invention - creations, products, trademarks and  domain name s, etc.,  and  maintain rights, standardize  any  licens e  and assignment to truly protect the  Company's intellectual property.  L egal proceedings may be  undertaken  to  protect  such  intellectual  property rights.  Haier  Europe  reserves all rights and benefits  on  intellectual achievements produced by management,  technology, product planning, programming, scientific research, training and teaching or other work.  Such intellectual achievements include ,  but are not limited to ,  the conception, invention, design,  computer program and various technical document ation  related to Haier  Europe 's present or future  businesses or R&D, and the conception, invention, design, computer program and various technical  document ation  created by e mployees in conducting  work for the  Company  or on behalf of Haier  Europe .  E mployees shall timely report  the creation of  the above - mentioned  intellectual property  to  the Company .  Invention s - creations made by employees during the implementation of Company a ssignments or  us e  of  the Company's resources are service invention s - creations. Such invention s - creations belong to the  Company ,  and employees shall not claim such invention s - creations as their own.    Respecting patents, copyrights or other  protected intellectual propert y  For the development of business, other companies or organizations may be willing to disclose and  permit others to use their own proprietary information. If we receive others' proprietary information,  we shall  use  such inform ation carefully, and if necessary, we shall seek legal guidance to prevent  the  Company  from being accused of illegal or unauthorized use of others' proprietary information. With  respect to others' proprietary information, we shall observe agreemen ts  and Ha ier  Europe 's

11  confidential information.  When using a third party's intellectual property in business activities, we shall obtain the written  permission of the party and use such  intellectual property within the permitted scope.  If any questions  arise as to  its  us e , we shall consult  the Company 's dedicated  department    Use of  Company systems  Our information communication system, including the access to external networks, is vital to Haier  Europe 's operation. In order to ensure the security of Haier  Europe 's information communication  system, the use of such systems by employees may be monitored to prevent any improper use or  abuse of our assets.    Timely reporting of matters threatening information system security  Employees are  liable  for protecting the information system  of the Company.  If  emp l oyees  suspect an  unauthorized access ,  download, change , leak,  damage  to the network ,  system ,  server ,  application  programs ,  data , or  website,  employees  shall  immediately  report  all the  relevant information  to the ir  direct manager and  the  IT  team .    Conflict of interest  Employees shall prevent conflicts of interest.  A c onflict of interest may occur if our personal  relationship, participation in external activities or interests in other  business activities  affect or are  deemed to affect our official duties  with  the Company.  In the event that  employees must  make a  choice b etween the Company's interests and personal interests,  they  may not be able to make a  decision in the best interests of the Company.    Avoiding situations likely to cause  a  conflict of interest  Employees shall actively provide the ir  direct supervisor and HR  business partners  with a written  disclosure  on any  conflict s  of interest .  Employees shall not  have  economic interests in  companies  with which Haier  Europe  has business  transactions or competitive relations. Such  parties  include ,  but are not limited to ,  suppliers,  competitors, clients and dealers.    Safeguarding the Company's interests  Employees shall exert the authority given by the Company correctly, make d ecisions  in favor of  the  Company's interests, and shall not seek to profit  for him/herself  or others by  disregarding  the  Company's interests.    Prohibiti on  from holding external positions  Employees shall not hold any position  or  role  in external companies or  organizations  that are  in  competition with the  Company , including ,  but not limited to ,  taking part - time jobs or establishing a  company or  organization  and being the legal representative, shareholder, supervisor, board member,  or s enior management of such company or  organization .    Proper use of Company time and assets  Employees shall neither carry out any activities unrelated to Haier's business in the workplace or  during working hours, nor use Haier's assets (including  equipment, phones, resources and Haier's  proprietary information) to carry out activities unrelated to Haier.

12    Insider Trading  Insider trading is the trading of stock or other securities by individuals with access to  non - public  information about a  company, or the sharing of such information with others for the purpose of trading  stock s  or bonds. All employees are prohibited from participating in any  kind of  insider trading .  Employees shall not use any internal information for the purpose of advising  others to buy or sell  companies' stocks, bonds or other financial instruments.  5.  Relation s  with Customers    Creating the Best Customer Experience  Employee s should  strive to  meet  customer needs  and  creat e  the  best customer experience .    Protecting  Customer Interests  Employees shall follow the principles of equality, fairness and honesty,  and  conduct  themselves  honest ly  and fair ly in  business activities,  to  protect the legitimate rights and interests of consumers.  Employees shall abide by public ethics, honor the contract in good faith, accept the evaluation of users,  improve the quality of products and services, not make false or misleading  statements , and compete  fairly.  6.  Relations with Business Partners    Anti - Corruption  The Company prohibits any type of bribery  and corruption .  Bribery is an action to offer, pay, extort ,  secure  or accept money, gifts or  other benefits  with the  purpose  to influence or gain improper  advantages in connection with a  business transaction either directly or indirectly through third parties ,  such as employees’ relatives, agents,  business partners etc. Employees are strictly prohibited to offer  pay, extort , secure  or accept  improper  advantages to /from  any personnel or the ir  cohorts . Advantages  include ,  but are not limited to ,  cash, gift cards, securities, gifts, kickbacks, travel s , entertainment,  unreasonable discounts,  and any  uncompensated use of property .  Employees shall  recognize  and  stay away from  bribery and  corruption ,  and comply with  Haier's policies ,  applicable laws and regulations  concerning  the fight against bribery and corruption.    Reporting corruption  Haier Europe  encourage s  all employees to report actual or suspected corruption actions between  employees and any parties dealing with  the Company.    Gift s  and Entertainment  Employees  shall not offer or accept gifts and business entertainment  inappropriate for the business  relations and  exceeding limit s  and value s  prescribed by local laws ,  company policies  and guidelines .  Gifts  do  not refer  only  to material  goods , but also  include service s , privilege s ,  securities, kickbacks,  travel, uncompensated use of company property,  and discount s .

13    Business entertainment  Acceptance of entertainment may prevent us from making an objective judgment. Employees shall not  accept  benefits  such as banquets or any other type of entertainment which may affect the impartial  execution of business.    Limitation on  the  acceptance of  gifts  Employees shall reject any bribes and avoid acts which may be deemed as receiving bribes. Employees  and their family members shall also refrain from accepting any  gift ,  kickback, commission,  or  tip  that  may affect the normal course of business with t he Company . In the event that a gift may not be  rejected due to unforeseen circumstances,  the employee  shall  promptly  report  it  to the ir  direct  supervisor  and  HR  business partners  for  advice and  sign off.    Prohib ition from  accept ing  referral fees, commission or remuneration  At  Haier  Europe , only certain departments are authorized to recommend suppliers ,  partners or other  companies and organizations, such as appointed dealers, vendors, software companies  and  financial  institutions. Without authorization, employees shall not make such recommendations or receive  referral fees, commission or remuneration .    O bserving laws and customs regarding gifts  Employees shall observe  the local  laws, regulations and customs  rules  as regards  gifts. Employees shall  not give  and accept  cash  and  valuable gifts  from/to  suppliers, clients ,  persons - in - charge or employees  of any organization, so as to prevent such act from influencing or being suspected of influencing  any  relationship with  the Company .    International Trade  With the scope of protect ing  national security  and comply ing  with  diplomatic and  humanitarian  efforts , many countries implement import and export control or trade sanctions  measures  to limit  transactions with  high risk  countries, persons  and  entities  as  much as some  applications (such as  the  R&D of biological, chemical and nuclear weapons . Any v iolation  of the  trade  control regulation may  have  large  consequences such as the  loss of trade privileges ,  civil  and  criminal penalties  toward  companies and individuals . Whenever our business involves  cross - border sales or transportation of  products, technologies and services,  employees  must understand and  be guided by  the  most recent  applicable trade control and sanctions  law s .    Supplier Relations    Cooperating with law - abiding suppliers that meet  Haier's standards  Haier  Europe  works with first - class supplier s  by establishing a globally open, transparent, quick and  efficient procurement platform. All companies cooperating with Haier  Europe  must follow the relevant  national laws  and  regulations, and meet Haier's standards.    Select ion of  optimal suppliers in the Company's best interest and  comp liance  with  the principle of  fairness  With respect to the selection of suppliers, Haier  Europe  follows the principle of selecting first - class  resources among st  available qualified resources.  Employees  shall  enhance  the users' value through  foresight and  assess  all  suppliers  impartially through the open information bidding platform , in order

14  to select the optimal suppliers in the Company's best interests, create better user value ,  and  ultimately, add brand value.    Improper  influence or preferential treatment to specific suppli ers  Employees are prohibited from exerting or trying to exert undue influence ,  or offer preferential  treatment to specific suppliers.    Anti - Money Laundering  Money laundering is the process where an individual  or group  conceals the source ,  identity, and  destination of illicitly - obtained money  (e.g. income or profit from criminal activities) .  Employees  must  observe applicable anti - money laundering laws and prevent money laundering when carrying out  business activities.  In daily business activities, employees shall conduct due background checks of the other party, and  shall not engage in business dealings with criminal suspects or  those  involving proceeds of  a  crime.  Employees  shall conduct capital receipt and payment bus inesses in strict accordance with the  Company's receipt and payment policies, and shall not make payment to accounts  that are not verified  or are  out side the scope  of  a  normal business nature .  If any potential  money laundering  is found , employees shall sus pend  the  transaction, make timely  reports to dedicated  l egal  departments  and discontinue further transaction whilst the matter is being  clarified or resolved.    Contract Management  Haier  Europe 's contract  authorization,  signing  and  execution  are designed to protect  the Company 's  assets and provide appropriate management control so that  the Company  can effectively execute its  business with customers, business partners, suppliers and other third partie s,  and  reduce risks and  damages . Employees  shall  follow the contract management procedures provided by the Company for  the initiation, negotiation and execution of contracts and other documents with legal value. In  addition, employees shall  not make any oral or written promises to any party, such a s the promise to  execute  a new contract, change the present contract, provide resources or services without obtaining  relevant authorization.  7.  Relations with Competitors  Unfair competition refers to the competition with other businesses by illegal means or means  that  damage the legal rights and interests of other businesses and consumers.  Employees  shall observe all  applicable  competition law s,  regulations  and Company  guid ance  to promote healthy  market  competition.    Fair competition  When participating in market competition,  employees  shall  act fairly  and  report  the products'  quality,  performance, after - sales service s or other information  without  misrepresentation ,  and in compliance  with applicable regulation. Employees  shall not defame or  maliciously  attack competitors.    No conclusion of product competition agreement with competitors  Employees  shall  not  put any  formal or informal  agreements on pricing, production, clients or markets  with competitors  in place , nor discuss such contents with competitors.

15  If sensitive issues  exist regarding  competition  that arise  at the industrial meeting, anyone attending  shall leave the meeting imme diately, and promptly  report the event  to the dedicated legal  department .  8.  Relations with Government  Haier  Europe 's business activities  may  involve government sectors  and  office s .  Employees  support the  g overnment , observe laws  and  regulations  concerning  government  transaction s ,  and  agree  to  provide  government agencies with timely and accurate  information.  In transactions with the  g overnment , anyone participating in the project shall  comply with  terms and  conditions, and ensure  tran sparency and  performance  is  on time.  9.  Relations with Investors and  the  Media    Disclosing true and accurate information  All information communicated to  the  media, investors and public must be accurate . N o misleading  and  inaccurate  statement s  may be made .    Releas e of authorized information  The disclosure of i nformation  must only take place  by employees authorized by the Company as per  the Company's disclosure policies.  Employees  shall not accept any interviews  with the  media without  written permission. Information shall not be released and media interview s  shall not be accepted in  the name of Haier  Europe  without  a pre - approval .  10.  Non - compet e  Agreement s  Trade secrets (including  technical, operational  and business information), intellectual property rights  and other related legal rights and interests (e.g. goodwill) of the Company are essential to its survival  and development. The  C ompany expects employees to abide by the  agreement on trade secrets and  intellectual property between the parties during and after their employment , including  obligations of  non - competition after  dismiss al  (if applicable).  Should employees breach  said  agreement, the  Company  may  pursue legal  remed ies pursuant  to  applicable  law.


</Manufacturing_China_Haier_2022.pdf>