This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Manufactoring_Korea_LS ELECTRIC_2023.pdf>

LS ELECTRICS’s  Code of Ethics and Conduct  LS  ELECTRIC  Co., Ltd. (“LS ELECTRIC” or  “Company”)  pursues  autonomous  management based on  the  principles of  autonomy and  responsibility pursuant to the LS Partnership management philosophy  and Charter  i n  all its  business fields.  LS  ELECTRIC  intends to  constantly  develop as  the  world - best company by pursuing  the  common interests of all  stakeholders based on mutual  trust and cooperation ,  while respecting the order of the free market economy  and  its dominant principle of  free and fair competition.  Therefore, we  hereby  adopt and pledge to practice this  Code of Ethics and Conduct(“Code”)  as criteria for  determining  the  right actions and judg ment  values  to  which all LS  ELECTRIC’s  officer s and employees should  adhere .  General Principles  Chapter 1 Responsibilities and Duties toward Customers  Chapter 2 Fair Competition  Chapter 3 Fair  Transac tion s  Chapter 4 Basic Ethics of Officers and Employees  Chapter 5 Responsibility toward Officers and Employees  Chapter 6 Responsibility toward the Nation and Society  Target s  of Application    This  C ode shall apply to LS  ELECTRIC  and  all the  affiliated or subsidiary companies o ver  which  LS  ELECTRIC  exercises management rights among those invested by  LS  ELECTRIC .    This  C ode shall apply to overseas corporations o ver  which  LS  ELECTRIC  exercises management rights in  consideration of the local statutes at the same time.    LS  ELECTRIC  shall induce its third - party partners (invested companies, partner companies, distributors,  consultants, agents, intermediaries ,  etc.) to actively  comply  with this  C ode by  fully  understanding  those of  its provisions  which are  applicable to them.  Organization and Operation of Ethics Committee and Secretariat    The  “Ethics Committee” shall be  compos ed  of  members of the HR Committee as  the  supreme decision -  making body concerning matters related to  the  practice of this  C ode .    The  “Ethics Committee Secretariat” shall be  form ed to  conduct  administrative matters related to compliance  with the  C ode .    The  Ethics Committee Secretariat shall  provide the necessary education  and information  to  ensure that  all  departments systematically  comp ly  with  the  C ode while streamlining the overall systems required for  autonomous compliance  with  the  C ode .    The  Ethics Committee Secretariat shall adopt and operate various rules and procedures  to enable  all  LS  ELECTRIC ’s  officers, employees, partner companies or customers  to  report any violat ion  or  potential  violat ion of the  Code  or  the  related regulations.    The  Ethics Committee Secretariat shall make an authoritative interpretation ,  complete  with  a  review by  the  Ethics Committee ,  as required when ever  any question  or ambiguity  arises  with regard to  the officers’ or  employees’ appl ication  or interpretation  of  the  C ode or  matter s  related to business operations  and other  important issues .  Duties of Officers and Employees    All the officers and employees of the  C ompany shall comply with and practice  the  Code ,  the  related  regulations and guidelines.    All the officers and employees of the  C ompany shall  prompt ly report to their superiors or  the  Ethics  Committee Secretariat pursuant to  the  given procedures  in the event that either they or a third party violate  or  are  forced to violate the  Code .

  All the officers and employees of the  C ompany shall  address  to their leader or  the  Ethics Committee  Secretariat any questions  pertaining to  violation  or fear of violation on the  understanding  that they  can not  in  any way  be exempted from  the  Code  of ethics or  the  related regulations on  the  grounds that they  a re unaware  of them.    The  C ompany’s leader shall take  in  or support  the  necessary actions so that the  C ompany’s  officers or  employees are not influenced by any illegal pressure or request s  in making decisions on business issues.  Chapter 1 Responsibilit ies  and  D uties  toward  C ustomers  LS ELECTRIC  shall secure  the  unconditional trust  of  its customers by incessantly creating and providing values  that are  helpful to them ,  while always respecting their opinion  in the  belief that they are the true basis of its  business.  Provision of faithful information    LS ELECTRIC  shall provide only truthful information to its customers. It shall not circulate or provide any  false information.    LS ELECTRIC  shall faithfully provide  its  customers with information concerning matters for which care  should be exercised in responding to the customers ,  and  shall provide  clear and precise  information  on the  use of  its products  to ensure they are fully intelligible to the customers .  Responding to customers    Promises  made to  custome rs shall be kept without fail .    Best quality products and services shall be provided to the customers. It shall be ensured th at the  customers ’  dissatisf action is not incurred by  the sale or provision of  defective products or poor services .    Prompt and a ccurate res ponsive actions shall be taken  to resolve  customers’ legitimate return  of a defective  product  or request for services.  Protection of customers’ interests    The customers’ assets shall be protected in a manner identical to that  established and implemented  for the  C ompany’s assets and shall not be used without  obtaining  their  approval in  advance.    The customers’ confidential information shall be protected and shall not be disclosed or used for  unauthorized purposes without  obtaining  their  approval in  advance.    No unethical acts  that may  cause harm to the customers’ interests  shall be committed .  Chapter 2 Fair  C ompetition  LS ELECTRIC  shall comply with  the  pertinent local statutes in all  its  business operations a round  the world.  Fair competition  •  Legitimate  collection and utilization of information  -  Information  related  to  competition  shall  be  collected  via  legitimate  methods  free  from  social  denunciation.  -  Information collected concerning competition shall be utilized for legitimate purposes.  •  Legitimate securing  of  competitive advantage  -  Tangible or intangible assets belonging to  the  competition shall not be stolen or infringed  with out  advance  authorization.  -  The c ompetitive advantage of the  C ompany shall be secured  by  legitimate methods  and  without  maligning the competitors or taking advantage of their weaknesses.  •  Prohibition of illegitimate collusion  -  No damage s  shall be inflicted on the customers through illegitimate collusion with competitors o ver  selling prices, conditions and market allocation.  -  No organization shall be organized with vendors belonging to  the  same industries or business lines for  the purposes of forging an  illegitimate alliance or  engaging in  collusion.  LS ELECTRIC  shall not  participate in  any  such organization.  Respect of pertinent statutes and business practices    LS ELECTRIC  shall compete  using  legitimate methods while respecting  the  pertinent statutes and business  practices in the relevant territories.    Compliance with  the  law  regarding  the  prevention of bribing overseas (Foreign Corrupt Practice Act)

-  LS ELECTRIC ’s  officers and employees shall  fully  familiarize themselves and comply with  the  OECD  Convention on Combating  the  Bribery of Foreign Public Official s  in International Business Transactions  and the Act on  the  Prevention of Bribery  of  Foreign Government Officers in Connection with  International Business Transactions , which  prohibit promising or providing or expressing  the  intention  to  bribe  foreign government officials directly or indirectly  in order t o obtain illegitimate gains in  connection with  international business transactions.  Chapter 3 Fair  Transac tion s  All transactions shall be conducted based on the principle of free competition in an environment where equal  opportunities are ensured for participation.  W in - win development shall be pursued on a long - term basis by  promot ing mutual trust and cooperative relations through transparent and fair trading.  Selection of  the Company’s  business partners (“Business Partners”)  through a fair procedure    Regulations and systems concerning the “procedure for selecti ng  the  B usiness  P artners” shall be established  and implemented so that  the  B usiness  P artners may be selected and registered  subject to  fair assessment  criteria.    The “procedure for select ing  the  B usiness  P artners” shall include specific items and methods of assessment  that are set up  in  consider ation of  the characteristics of business transactions.    Pressure or illegitimate request s  shall be  entirely  excluded  from  the procedure of  selecting  the  B usiness  P artners.  Fair transactions and assessment    The fairly assessed results of transactions shall be notified to the  Business Partner  and shall be reflected  in  all subsequent  transactions.    Sound opinions presented  with the aim of  improving transactions shall be duly reflected  i n business  processes.    Approval shall always be obtained from  the  Business P artners  to use technologies or other assets belonging  to  the Business P artners .    Fair compensation shall be made for damages inflicted on  the  Business P artner s  as a result of  a mistake  made  by the  C ompany.    The  C ompany shall not commit any  of the following  unfair acts that are prohibited under the statutes related  to  fair trade.  -  Acts  of forcing  the B usiness Partner s  that is  un willing to buy a product ;  -  Acts  of unfairly prohibiting  the Business Partner s  from  conducting  transactions with a competitor or  limiting  the range  or targets of  its  transactions ;  -  Acts  of determining unfair prices, including unilaterally raising selling prices or lowering buying prices  without consultation with  the Business  Partners ;  -  Acts  of rejecting a legitimate return or unfairly rejecting or delaying  the  acceptance of goods that have  been ordered ;  -  Acts of neglecting legal obligations concerning payment terms  -  Acts of discontinuing business relations or remarkably reducing business volumes with an account  without legitimate reasons ;  -  Acts of determining unfair business terms by discriminating  against  a specific account ;  -  Other unfair acts that are prohibited under other pertinent statutes .  Maintenance of clean trading order    LS  ELECTRIC  shall not accept or request  unfair financial gains, including articles of monetary value,  entertainment or other conveniences from  the Business Partners .    LS ELECTRIC  shall not make any illegitimate request based on such special relations as those of blood  and /or  school  ties,  and  shall not exercise external pressure using a business - related position in connection  with business deals.    Information or technologies belonging to  the  Business Partner s  that have been acquired in the course of  transactions shall not be used to obstruct the  Business Partner ’s business operations.  Support to partners    Standards for supporting or fostering  the B usiness  P artners shall be established and implemented.

  The standards for fostering  the B usiness  P artners shall specify  the  qualifications  required  of  the B usiness  P artners  who are  eligible for support by the  C ompany and shall include specific operational criteria for  technical support or  managerial guidance.    Earnings generated through technical support or managerial guidance shall be shared in a fair manner.  Chapter 4 Basic  E thics of  O fficers and  E mployees  LS ELECTRIC ’s  officers and employees shall establish a right sense of value with a fair creed and shall perform  their given mission  on the basis of continued  self - development and  the  fair performance of  their  duties.  Maintenance of dignity as  LS ELECTRIC ’s  officers and employees    LS ELECTRIC ’s  officers and employees shall not commit any immoral or unethical a cts that may damage  their honor or integrity.    LS ELECTRIC ’s  officers and employees shall not commit any acts that may generate distrust or damage  the  sound organizational atmosphere, including  the fabrication  or dissemination of rumors.  Honest and fair reporting    LS ELECTRIC ’s  officers and employees shall not mislead  or frustrate  their superiors ’  or  the  relevant  departments ’ decision - making  by manipulating documents or figures or  by  making false reports.    LS ELECTRIC ’s  officers and employees shall make reports  such as are  necessary for performing business  fairly and honestly.  Protection of  C ompany assets    LS ELECTRIC ’s  officers and employees shall immediately report and take adequate actions  regarding a  serious event  that  they  may  fear  or are certain will  cause losses to the  C ompany’s assets.    LS  ELECTRIC ’s  officers and employees shall not use  the  C ompany ’s  assets illegally or illegitimately.    The  C ompany’s confidential information shall be kept secure pursuant to the pertinent regulations. External  disclosure of  any of the  Company ’s  confidential  information shall be approved in advance.    The  C ompany’s confidential in formation shall be disclosed  only  to duly authorized  persons .  Evasion of conflict s of interest  with the  C ompany    LS ELECTRIC ’s  officers and employees shall not commit acts that may interfere with their fair performance  of duties, including  the  acceptance of gratuities.    LS ELECTRIC ’s  officers and employees shall not directly operate or invest in an outside business that may  have conflicting interests with the  C ompany.    LS ELECTRIC ’s  officers and employees shall not be employed concurrently by a business that has  competing relations with the  C ompany or shall not provide consulting or advice that may conflict with the  C ompany’s profit.    LS ELECTRIC ’s  officers and employees shall report to and obtain advance approval from the  C ompany  when they are offered employment  by  another company or  when they intend  to virtually perform duties  similar to those they perform for  LS ELECTRIC .    LS ELECTRIC ’s  officers and employees shall not trade in or induce others to trade in the  C ompany’s stock  using internal information.    LS ELECTRIC ’s  officers and employees shall not select ,  or exercise influence  on behalf of,  businesses run  by  members of  their  immediate  family or  other  relatives as the  C ompany’s vendor or to deal with the  C ompany.  Prevention of sexual harassment in  the  workplace    LS ELECTRIC ’s  officers and employees shall always be prudent in  their  speech or action s,  remembering  that they may cause mental or physical  harm  or discomfort  to others.    LS ELECTRIC ’s  officers and employees shall abstain from causing  any  impediment s  to company life  or  personal integrity  through  acts of  sexual harassment, regardless of their rank or  position.  Chapter 5 Responsibility  toward  O fficers and  E mployees  LS ELECTRIC  shall respect all its officers and employees as human being s , treat them fairly based on their ability  and performance, and  endeavor  to  enable  them  to  fully  demonstrate their creativity.  Development of human resources    LS ELECTRIC  shall establish a desirable image  regarding  its employees and  implement  policies  aimed at  developing their capabilities.

  LS ELECTRIC  shall establish and actively support  the  institutions or system s  needed to  enable  its officers  and employees to develop into autonomous and creative human beings.    LS ELECTRIC  shall assign duties to its officers and employees  in  consider ation of  their desire s , aptitude s  and capacities and shall help them  to  develop their abilit ies  through out  the  performance of their duties.  Fair treatment    LS ELECTRIC  shall grant fair opportunities for  its officers and employees  to  advanc e  thei r capacity without  discrimination  based on their schooling, gender, age or place of origin.    LS ELECTRIC  shall ensure fair  remuneration  is made by fairly evaluating their aptitude s , capacit ies  and  performance.  Health and safety    LS ELECTRIC  shall take  the  appropriate actions to  ensure the health and safety of its officers and employees  in performing their duties.    In particular,  LS ELECTRIC  shall  implement the necessary  safety measures  at  workplaces  that are  exposed  to  specific  hazards.  Respect of individuals’ opinion s    LS ELECTRIC  shall protect  the  privacy of individuals unless it impedes  the  work atmosphere or public  morals.    LS ELECTRIC  shall develop  the  systems and atmosphere  required to enable  its officers or employees to  make  constructive  suggest ion s or recommendations or to freely express their distress.    LS ELECTRIC  shall not force its officers or employees to participate in specific religious or political party  activities and shall respect each individual’s religious or political opinion s .  Chapter 6 Responsibility toward  the N ation and  S ociety  LS ELECTRIC  shall protect the shareholders’ interests and contribute to the people’s affluent life and social  development by growing into a sound business  based on  the pursuit of  rational business operations.  Rational business stages    LS ELECTRIC  shall respect  society’s sense of ethical value, shall not commit  any  acts that may hurt the  national economy or generate  a  sense of alienation, and shall undertake business activities that  match  the  people’s sentiment.  Protection of shareholders’ rights and interests    LS ELECTRIC  shall f aithfully disclose  its  information to its shareho lders by respecting their right  to know  about the company.    LS ELECTRIC  shall not unilaterally infringe the interests of its minority shareholders to protect the interests  of its major shareholders.  Contribution to national and social development    LS ELECTRIC  shall fairly grant opportunities for employment to anyone without discriminati on  base d  on  their schooling, gender or place of origin.    LS ELECTRIC  shall faithfully file  its  tax returns and pay  the due  taxes.    LS ELECTRIC  shall  endeavor  to accommodate and resolve legitimate demands made by  the  various tiers of  society and local residents.  Protection of  the  environment    LS ELECTRIC  shall  comply with  all  the  statutes related to environmental protection and shall  endeavor to  undertake  environmentally - friendly  business activities.    LS ELECTRIC  shall secure and operate  pollution - prevention  facilities and  deploy the relevant  personnel to  prevent contamination of the environment.


</Manufactoring_Korea_LS ELECTRIC_2023.pdf>