This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Manufacturing_Indonesia_Trisula International_2025.pdf>

CODE OF CONDUCT

CODE OF CONDUCT  Name  Department  : ....................................  : ....................................

Trisula  Code  of  Conduct  is  designed  to  be  a  reference to the personal behavior of the Board of Directors, Staff and Trisula employees in work and managing company.  Identifying values and standard ethics which is  according to the company’s Phylosophy, vision and mission.  Code of Conduct  is meant to enhance Trisula’s  core values while also functioning as guidance to all  Trisula  employees  in  making  decisions  that reflect  Trisula’s  core  values  (Quality,  Care  and Commitment).  Code  of  Conduct  provides  guidance  to  every  Trisula’s individuals on how to MANAGE business and  work  with  God,  shareholders,  employees, customers, suppliers and other business partners while also interacting with surroundings and one to another.  CODE OF CONDUCT  INTRODUCTION  A. Background and Purposes 1 2 3 4  1

To create a better life for all  B. Trisula Core Values  Philosophy  Vision  Mission  Tagline  To be a valuable company  Profitable growth through customer satisfaction and  strong leadership  Keep the promise  2  Quality, Care and Commitment  Spirit

Best and competitive quality is the ultimate choice,  including:  C. Trisula Spirit  Competitive  quality,  which  covers  attitude, intelligence,  moral,  spirit,  skills,  creativity, communication and ability to build relationship  compared  with  other  companies  in  the  same industry.  Best  Team-work  qualities,  which  includes  interpersonal, inter-departmental, inter-business units, and also with customers and suppliers.  Best Product quality, starts from the quality of  raw  material,  compliance  towards  standard working  process  and  achieving  the  best  end quality results compared to other companies in the same industry  Best Service quality, starts from being responsive,  understanding  the  problems  and  providing solutions to customer satisfaction.  QUALITY  3

Care  is  a  form  of  caring  for  others  and  working  environment. Care about work results.  Care  towards  customers  (internally,  as  well  as  externally).  Care  towards  peers,  superiors  and  subordinates  and others.  Care towards all companies assets and other tools  and equipments.  Care about work methods, cleanliness, tidiness, and  the safety of the work environment/workplace.  Care about accurate and timely information/data. .  CARE  COMMITMENT  Commitment is a promised that must be kept and  actualized.  Highly committed to being on time.  Highly committed to achieving better results  Highly committed to work plans and standards  Highly  committed  to  complying  with  laws  and  regulations  4

Trisula is aware that the existence of Trisula people is  created by God and everything is a temporary stake that we must be responsible for according to God's will.  TRISULA BUSINESS ETHICS  A. Trisula and God 4  B. Trisula and Employees  Trisula gives all employees the opportunity to work  and show their achievements.  Trisula  values  employees'  achievements  in  accordance with their performance.  Trisula  prioritizes  “The  Right  Motivated  Person,  Happy in the Right Place, Producing the Right KPI”  Trisula  is  committed  to  providing  a  safe  and  healthy  working  environment,  along  with conducive and productive communication.  Trisula values every individual needs, privacy and  rights. 3 2 1 5  5

Trisula abides by government rules and regulations.  Trisula supports government programs by paying  taxes in accordance with government regulations. C. Trisula and Government  D. Trisula and Community  Trisula  is  a  company  that  is  responsible  to  the community where it operates.  Trisula complies with all national laws and local  regulations and actively participates in improving the  relationships  and  welfare  of  the  entire community  by  protecting  natural  resources  and engaging in community service activities. 2 1 1 2  6

Trisula provides optimal Quality, Value and Services  to consumers in an honest deal.  Trisula consistently strives to keep its promises and  commitments.  Trisula  conducts  business  with  customers  in  accordance with appropriate laws and ethics.  Trisula  prioritizes  parties  that  support  Trisula's  interests and the values of QCC that it upholds.  E. Trisula and Customers  F. Trisula and Suppliers/Partners  Trisula conducts business fairly and reliably.  Trisula establish long term partnerships.  Trisula  prioritizes  parties  that  support  Trisula's interests and the QCC values that it upholds . 2 1 1 2 3 4 3  7

Trisula  works  to  provide  optimal  returns  on investment to its shareholders.  Trisula  protects  investment  values  through  the  prudent management of company resources while adhering  to  the  highest  standards  of  legal  and ethical behavior in all business conduct .  Trisula  provides  opportunities  for  employees  to  invest as shareholders .  G. Trisula and Shareholder  H. Trisula and Competitor  Trisula competes in a healthy, enthusiastic,  independent, and fair manner, with its business base  in the value of competitive offerings.  Trisula opens business opportunities with  competitors to enhance efficiency and synergy . 1 1 2 3 2  8

Trisula’s Code of Ethic can be translated into 3 core  values, such as:  QUALITY, CARE and COMMITMENT (QCC)  CODE OF ETHIC  Every  individual  in  Trisula  has  the  quality  of  Faith,  Leadership, Humility, Responsibility, Honesty, Integrity and Good Behaviour  Quality  Faith and Devotion  Trisula employees are individuals of faith, devoted to  God Almighty, with their lives reflecting acceptance and gratitude.  This  gratitude  is  demonstrated  through  a continual appreciation for life.  The action of Trisula’s individuals must align with norms  and rules that follow the guidance and beliefs in God Almighty  Through the power of prayer and belief in God's grace, individuals of Trisula are empowered to provide the best  for themselves and the company . 1  9

Leadership  Provide good role model in attitude and work result.  Always ready to assists anyone.  Courageous in offering correction and speaking the  truth with compassion.  Actively handling mistakes.  Proactively preventing problems.  Taking  the  initiative  to  foster  coordination  and  harmonious collaboration.  Exhibiting a spirit of autonomy, with a strong drive  for self-direction and initiative  Continuously motivate others 2 3  Humility  Enjoy seeking advise.  Willing to listen to criticism and feedback.  Have the courage to admit mistakes and apologize  publicly.  Always willing to learn.  Willing to change for the sake of progress.  Sincerely appreciating the achievements of  coworkers.  10

Responsibility  Always open and responsible for the work results.  Courageous  in  admitting  mistakes  and  taking responsibility  to  actively  seek  solutions,  both  individually and as a team.  Creating a work environment that is orderly, safe,  comfortable, and environmentally friendly. 4 5  Honest and Loyal  Company’s Assets  Not  using  company  assets  or  facilities  for  purposes outside of the company's interests.  Take  responsibility  to  safeguarding  company  assets from damage and loss.  Implementing energy savings and other facility  efficiencies. 6  Information, Administrations and Reporting Always transparent and addressing issues openly.  Delivering reports in a timely, accurate, concise, and  clear manner.  Recording  data  and  preparing  reports  based  on  accurate and verifiable sources.  11

Confidentiality of information, Data and  Company’s Assets Avoiding the dissemination of data and information  to  unauthorized  parties  both  during  employment and after termination  Submitting all data related to the company upon  termination of employment. 7 8  Integrity  To avoid conflict of interest and abuse of authority  Every Trisula individual is obligated to prioritize  the interests of the company and avoid any form of conflict of interest with the company.  Trisula individuals are not permitted to conduct  business within the company.  Trisula individuals are prohibited from engaging  in business outside the company that relates to the company's line of business without written permission  from  the  Board  of  Directors  or Commissioners.  Giving and Accepting Gifts and Entertainments  Trisula  individuals  are  not  permitted  to  give  or  receive gifts. If gifts or entertainment in the context of work cannot be avoided, it must be ensured that the gifts/entertainment are:  12

Have been adequately informed and approved by  the relevant directors or commissioners.  Are not considered bribery intended to facilitate  any  business  transactions  or  to  create inappropriate conduct.  Will  not  damage  the  company's  reputation  if  disclosed to the public.  Political Activity  Not engaging in political activities or affiliating  with any political parties, nor contributing to any political activities.  Refraining from bringing politics into company  activities.  Consistently maintaining appropriate behavior and  decorum both inside and outside of duties.  Upholding the good name of Trisula and its family  members.  Refraining from intoxication, addiction, or the use of  narcotics and dangerous substances, as well as the trade of alcoholic beverages, narcotics, and similar items in the workplace or outside the company.  Not  engaging  in  immoral  conduct  or  sexual  harassment. 8  Well Behaved – Politeness, Order and Immoral  13

Always loyal to marriage and family commitments.  Not engaging in marriages that are inconsistent  with religious teachings and the laws of Indonesia.  "Refraining  from  any  form  of  coercion,  intimidation,  humiliation,  offensive  language, harassment, or provocation."  "Respecting and honoring the personal aspects of  fellow  individuals,  including  religion, religious/national holidays, status, ethnicity/race, culture, and customs."  "Avoiding illegal activities such as gambling, theft,  embezzlement of company assets, fraud against superiors, subordinates, coworkers, or others, and the illegal trade of company property or facilities." 14

Willing to listen carefully and understand the feelings  of others.  Ready to assist coworkers wholeheartedly.  Polite, courteous, patient, and respectful of others'  interests.  Pay  attention  to  and  take  responsibility  for  both  personal and team work results.  Alert and proactive in seeking solutions to emerging  problems.  Willing to provide constructive feedback and expect  positive changes.  Vigilant  and  observant  of  signs  and  issues  in  the  workplace, and not tolerating any deviations.  Care can be reflected in the following behavior:  15  Care  Empathy towards oneself, surroundings and workplace  which reflect an attention to preserve and maintain the quality  of  work  that  perceived  corporate  members, interested parties involved with sensitivity to any issues faced by the company and find the right solution so that the employees and the company can grow and develop together.

Commitment  A committed Trisula individual is a hardworking, diligent,  and reliable professional.  Hi gh commitment is reflected in proactive behavior, a  positive work attitude, dedication, and contribution to the company.  Having a positive work attitud e means:  Working hard, being honest, and disciplined, adhering  to the organization and applicable regulations.  Keeping  promises,  being  accountable,  proactive,  diligent, and persistent.  Showing mutual respect, being open, and continuously  learning to enhance work competencies.  Assisting, motivating, and collaborating to complete  tasks.  Valuing  others'  ideas  and  input  for  the  company's  progress.  Making a strong, positive effort toward the company’s  growth and advancement.  Willing  to  go  the  extra  mile  for  even  better  achievements.  16  Consistently fostering a spirit of teamwork to achieve  success.  Ready  to  assist  during  difficult  situations  or emergencies  caused  by  crises,  security  threats,  accidents, or natural disasters.

Customer Satisfaction  Trisula  individuals  are  customer  satisfaction-oriented,  able to deliver the best service and provide added value to both customers and the growth of Trisula.  Trisula individuals are capable of satisfying both external  and  internal  customers.  External  customers  include buyers, suppliers, and other parties involved in Trisula’s business  operations,  while  internal  customers  include subordinates, coworkers, supervisors, other departments, and  other  parties  within  the  operational  scope  of  the Company and the Trisula Group.  In order to achieving Customer Satisfaction, Trisula  individuals must understand and apply the following principles:  Speed  is fast response towards to any good or bad  event.  Immediate  attention  and  attendance  to  any kind of problems will provide satisfactory customers feeling.  Accuracy  refers to precise communication of data to  customers,  ensuring  the  ability  to  provide  correct responses and feedback.  Relationship  means the ability to foster strong and  continuous communication with customers, thereby maintaining their trust and satisfaction  17

Customer oriented attitudes include:  Ability  to  learn  and  understand  the  business  and  customer needs.  Providing  the  best  possible  service  to  fellow  employees, customers, and business partners.  Prioritizing customer satisfaction and considering the  interests of all stakeholders.  Seeking  feedback  to  improve  product  and  service  quality.  Establishing practical procedures and workflows that  facilitate ease for others.  Embracing  challenges  and  future  changes  with  enthusiasm  to  enhance  the  company’s competitiveness.  18

All Trisula individuals are responsible for implementing  this Code of Conduct into real actions in their daily work practices  IMPLEMENTATION OF THE CODE OF CONDUCT  A. Monitoring the Implementation of the Code of Conduct  The Board of Commissioners oversees compliance  with the Code of Conduct within the Compan  The  Board  of  Directors  and  designated  officials  responsible  for  the  Code  of  Conduct  are accountable for its implementation and application within the Company.  Managers and Assistant Managers are responsible  for the enforcement of the Code of Conduct in their respective work environments. 3 2 1 1  B. Reporting Violations of the Code of Conduct  Every individual is obligated to report any violations  of  the  Code  of  Conduct  committed  by  others, providing sufficient evidence to the appropriate authorities. Reports from external parties will be accepted  as  long  as  they  are  supported  by evidence and a clear identity of the reporter.  19

The  appropriate  department  is  required  to  document  each  report  of  Code  of  Conduct violations and submit it to the Board of Directors, supported by sufficient and verifiable evidence.  The  appropriate  department  must  also  provide  protection to the reporter 3 2 1  C. Sanctions for Violations of the Code of Conduct  Sanctions for violations of the Code of Conduct  committed by employees are issued by the Board of Directors or authorized officials in accordance with applicable regulations.  Written warnings may be issued progressively, and  termination of employment is within the authority of the Board of Directors, taking into consideration the severity of the violation. 2  20

Hymne Trisula - Versi Indonesia  “Better Than You Think”  Renungkan hatimu  Gapailah tujuan  Buka matamu  Raihlah visinya  Berjuta tantangan  Membentang di dunia  Padukan tekad  Membangun Karya  Reff.  Semangat Trisula  Quality, Care, and Commitment  Bersatu jiwa kita  Ingatlah....  We’re all better than you think  Bersatu jiwa kita  Ingatlah...  We’re all better than you think  We’re all better than you think  21

Hymne Trisula - English Version  “Better Than You Think”  Seek in to your heart  Then you’ll know what you want  Looking through your eyes  Get the vision in mind  Do you realize  The world is our playground  It’s a matter of trust  Working side by side  Reff.  Trisula spirit is  Quality, Care, and Commitment  One Spirit, for all of us  Remember...  We’re all better than you think  One Spirit, for all of us  Remember...  We’re all better than you think  We’re all better than you think  22


</Manufacturing_Indonesia_Trisula International_2025.pdf>