This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Manufactoring_Korea_Hyundai Steel_2020.pdf>

본  문서는  현대제철의  정보자산으로  관련  법령에  의해  보호  받습니다 .  [ Team in Charge ]  General Manager of Legal and Compliance Group /  Compliance Team  HYUNDAI STEEL  Ethics Charter & Code of Conduct  Enactment &  Revision History  Version  Record on Enactment  and Revision  Contents of enactment  / Revision  0  Jul 2003  Initial Enactment  1  Oct 2014  Revised  2  Fed 2018  Revised  3  Feb 2019  Revised  4  Jul 2020  Revised

본  문서는  현대제철의  정보자산으로  관련  법령에  의해  보호  받습니다 .  Ethics Charter_Preface  1. Purpose  Hyundai Steel aims to be a global company that contributes to humanity ’ s dreams with creative thinking  and a relentless dive to overcome challenges. As the practice of ethical management is the keystone of such  a goal, Hyundai Steel has amended its Ethics  Charter and Code of Conduct to become a reliable partner for  diverse stakeholders and increase value for our customers. All members of Hyundai Steel should comply  with this Ethics Charter and Code of Conduct.  2. Coverage  This Ethics Charter and Code of Conduct applies to Hyundai Steel, including production and sales corporate  bodies at home and abroad, subsidiaries, and the executives and employees of  Hyundai Steel should act in accordance with this Ethics Charter and Code of Conduct when dealing with suppliers and sales/service organizations. Executives and employees who work for organizations covered under the scope of this Ethics Charter and Code of Conduct should comply with local laws and perform their duties in accordance with the Ethics Charter and Code of Conduct. Moreover, all stakeholders holding contractual relationships with Hyundai Steel, hereinafter referred to as the  “ Company ” , should respect the content and spirit of this Ethics  Charter and Code of Conduct.  A ll persons and organizations who fall under the scope of this document shall perform their duties in  accordance with the regulations, policies and rules that guide this Ethics Charter and Code of Conduct.  Where this Ethics Charter and Code of Conduct, and  related regulations, policies and rules contradict local  laws, the local laws shall prevail. In such cases, the Company may amend this document to reflect local legal  and industrial obligations, and if necessary, may specifically establish detailed policie s in response.  Five Guiding Principles at Hyundai Steel    We shall perform our duties based on clear and transparent standards and do our utmost to fulfill our responsibilities with integrity.    We shall compete fairly in the market and conduct business ethically with parties that engage in contractual relationships with us.    We shall provide safe products, exceptional services and accurate information, and we rigorously protect personal information to increase customer value.    We shall respect our members as independent individuals, and to this end, we provide fair working conditions and safe working environments.

본  문서는  현대제철의  정보자산으로  관련  법령에  의해  보호  받습니다 .    We  shall  contribute  to  sustainable  development  by  fulfilling  our  social  &  environmental responsibilities as a member of society, so that diverse stakeholders may prosper together in harmony.  Code of Conduct_Preface  With its Code of Conduct,  Hyundai Steel  presents a behavioral standard that all executives and employees  must  observe  in  carrying  out  business  operations,  with  this,  we  want  to  establish  transparency  in  relationships with our interested parties.  1. Ethics for Executives and Employees  We shall perform our duties based on clear and transparent  standards and  do our utmost to fulfill our  responsibilities with integ rity.  Bribery  We shall not receive any form, monetary or non-monetary, of illegal or unethical benefits and bribery 1  from our stakeholders, nor do we provide or promise thereof.  Improper  Solicitation  We prohibit improper solicitation externally between executive and employees and stakeholders, as well as internally between executives and employees.  Conflicts of  Interest  In cases where conflicts of interests between the Company and individuals are unavoidable, we act in the best interests of the Company and our customers, within the scope allowed by the law.  Insider Trading  We shall not leak insider secrets, knowledge, or information 2  obtained either directly or indirectly in the course of employment, nor use such illicit gains for the purpose of pursuing individual interest.  Workplace Ethics  Executives and employees shall do their utmost to fulfill their responsibilities in the course of employment, regardless of time or place, and use the Company ’ s assets  and facilities only for the purposes of fulfill ing their duties.  Abuse of Power  We shall not abuse our power or status to exert undue influence or pursue illicit benefits for the Company or individuals.  Documentation &  Reporting  We shall not create misleading documents by hiding, reducing, exaggerating, or falsifying information, nor shall we report such documents or share them with internal and external stakeholders.  1  Bribery refers to all forms of benefits that provide or are provided for monetary or non-monetary purposes, including money, services, entertainment, gifts, donations, sponsorship, preferential treatment, provision of conveniences, etc.  2  Insider trading involves in abusing a company ’ s secrets, knowledge, sales information, organizational information  such as a merger and acquisition, stock price information, and internal decision - making

본  문서는  현대제철의  정보자산으로  관련  법령에  의해  보호  받습니다 .  2. Fair Competition and Trade  We shall compete in the market fairly and conduct business ethically with parties that engage  in contractual  relationships with us.  Anti - trust  We shall not engage in activities that would disrupt fair competition through the pursuit of unfair transactions, such as abusing our market dominance or trading position.  Collusion  We shall not engage in activities with other businesses that would restrict fair competition in terms of the prices, volume, area and terms of products and services, including, but not limited to, price fixing, bid rigging, or improper market allocation.  Unfair Competition  We shall not improperly obtain information from competitors, partners, or any other organizations, nor use or disclose information obtained illicitly by the Company or third parties.  Money Laundering  We shall not engage in money - laundering activities involvi ng customers, partners,  suppliers, or other organizations and individuals.  Intellectual  Property  We shall protect the trade secrets of suppliers in engaged in contractual  relationships with the  Company and  shall not infringe on the intellectual property  r ights of other companies or individuals.  Tax Compliance  For transparent and fair compliance with our tax obligations, we shall comply with the tax laws of each and every country where we have business operations and shall not avoid legitimate tax obligations.  Procurement  We shall seek fair and mutually beneficial relationships with our suppliers and will not engage in unfair competition.

본  문서는  현대제철의  정보자산으로  관련  법령에  의해  보호  받습니다 .  3. Realization of Customer Value  We shall provide safe products, exceptional  services,  and accurate information, and we rigorously protect  personal information to increase customer value.  Customer Safety  We shall not make decisions that compromise customer safety, covering all processes from research and development to raw material procurement, manufacturing, sales and distribution, and after-sales service.  Product/  Service Quality  We shall not engage in any activities that would compromise the quality standards necessary to provide our customers with exceptional quality products and services in a stable manner.  Complete  Information  We shall help our customers make informed decisions by providing them with correct and useful information regarding our products and services and shall not provide falsified or exaggerated information.  Privacy  Protection  We shall comply with the laws and regulations applicable to protecting customers ’  personal information and shall not engage in activities that would illicitly infringe  upon their rights to data privacy.  Customer  Communication  We shall listen carefully to customers ’  feedback on our products and services and  are committed to accepting reasonable demands and recommendations in this  respect.  Product/Service  Accessibility  We shall take any appropriate measures necessary to prevent discrimination against customers who are treated unfairly in terms of access to our products and services based on gender, age, disability, language, etc.  Product Liability  We are committed to providing any information necessary to prevent damages and risks to customers and shall implement appropriate measures to ensure the safety and quality of our products and services.

본  문서는  현대제철의  정보자산으로  관련  법령에  의해  보호  받습니다 .  4. Respect for Executives and Employees  We shall respect our members as independent individuals, and to this end, we provide fair working  conditions and safe working environments.  Human Rights  We respect executives and employees as independent individuals and shall take affirmative action to respect the human rights universally pursed by society.  Child Labor and  Forced Labor  We shall comply with the labor laws of the countries where we have business operations and ban child labor and forced labor in workplace.  Discrimination  We forbid discrimination against executives and employees based on nationality, place of birth, race, gender, age, culture, religion, disability, education, political affiliation, personal tastes, or any other factors.  Equal Opportunity  We shall provide executives and employees with equal opportunities for training and capacity development, assess them fairly based on performance, and give them fair compensation.  Harassment  We ban any and all activities, online and offline, that may insult or damage human dignity, such as verbal abuse, sexual harassment, mental or physical coercion, corporal punishment, ostracization, and threats.  Safety and Health  We are committed to taking all measures necessary to ensure the safety and well- being of our executives and employees, and to maintain working environments safe from occupational accidents, injuries, disasters, disease, and contagion.  Work - Life Balance  We shall endeavor to provide a working environment that promotes work-life balance for our executives and employees.

본  문서는  현대제철의  정보자산으로  관련  법령에  의해  보호  받습니다 .  5. Commitment to Sustainability  We shall contribute to sustainable development by  fulfilling our social & environmental responsibilities as a  member of society, so that diverse stakeholders may prosper together in harmony.  Sustainable  Development  Through our management decision-making processes, we shall endeavor to fulfill our responsibilities concerning the sustainable development goals (SDGs), with the aim of ending the environmental and social problems facing humanity.  Environment  We understand that the environment is an invaluable asset to be preserved for future generations and are committed to implementing responsible actions to minimize any negative impacts on the environment in all management areas.  Philanthropy  We are committed to identifying the social problems facing our society and humanity, and to finding solutions for these issues.  Stakeholder  Engagement  By proactively identifying stakeholders who may impact, or be impacted by, the company ’ s decision - making, we are committed to communicating and taking  action with regard to important matters concerning sustainabil ity.  Contribution and  Sponsorship  We shall comply with all internal standards and rules relevant to fairly processing charitable donations and sponsorships and ban donations and sponsorships of a political nature.  Shareholder Value  We shall promote corporate and shareholder value by implementing sustainable management practices.  Information  Disclosure  We shall make financial and non-financial information publicly available, in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations.

본  문서는  현대제철의  정보자산으로  관련  법령에  의해  보호  받습니다 .  6. Management  System  Manager ’ s  Responsibility  Managers responsible for ensuring compliance with this Ethics Charter and Code of  Conduct shall be committed to supporting and managing all relevant executives,  employees,  and stakeholders, in the implementation of this Ethi cs Charter and Code  of Conduct.  Governance and  Reporting  Organizations implementing this Ethics Charter and Code of Conduct shall establish  appropriate organizational and reporting systems to prevent ethical risks and  conduct due diligence, as well as  clearly determine roles and responsibilities in this  respect.  Monitoring and  Due Diligence  Organizations implementing this Ethics Charter and Code of Conduct shall regularly  monitor ethical risks and establish programs to review these risks.  Internal Con trol  Organizations implementing this Ethics Charter and Code of Conduct shall develop  a reporting system that is internally and externally accessible 24 hours a day, as  well as introduce appropriate internal control systems such as regular or occasional  au diting.  Whistleblower  Protection  Organizations implementing this Ethics Charter and Code of Conduct shall protect  the identity of whistleblowers and take any and all measures necessary to protect  them from unreasonable treatment, discrimination and retali ation.  Revision  This Ethics Charter and Code of Conduct should be reviewed and amended on a  regular basis.  Training  Organizations implementing this Ethics Charter and Code of Conduct shall provide  appropriate training to assist executives and employees  in respecting and  implementing the content and spirit of this Ethics Charter and Code of Conduct.  Measures against  Violation  Organizations implementing this Ethics Charter and Code of Conduct shall, in case  of violations of this Ethics Charter and Code of  Conduct, promptly take necessary  measures in accordance with internal regulations.  Disclosure of  Information on  Violation  Organizations implementing this Ethics Charter and Code of Conduct shall develop  appropriate mechanisms to prevent further violation s and make them publicly  available.

본  문서는  현대제철의  정보자산으로  관련  법령에  의해  보호  받습니다 .  Appendix  A. Contact Information for Whistle Blowing / Grievance    Name of department:  Hyundai Steel Compliance Team    E - mail:  compliance@hyundai-steel.com    TEL:  +81-31-510-2428    Mail( Address):  Compliance  Team,  Hyundai  Steel,  12,  9th  floor,  GREITS  PANGYO,  117 Bundangnaegok-ro, Bundang-gu, Seongnam-si, Gyeonggi-do, Korea  B. Reference  ①  Universal Declaration of Human Rights, UN General Assembly, 1948  ②  The Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact, UN Global Compact  ③  International  Labor  Organization ’ s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, ILO  (1998)  ④  Convention on Combating Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transactions,  OECD (2019)  ⑤  United Nations Convention Against Corrup tion, UN General Assembly (2013)  ⑥  Paris Agreement, UNFCCC (2015).  ⑦  The OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises, OECD (2011)  ⑧  Global Automotive Sustainability Practical Guidance, Drive Sustainability (2017)  ⑨  Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights , UNGC (2011)  ⑩  Guidance on social responsibility, ISO (2010)  ⑪  UN SDGs (https://sustainabledevelopment.un.org)  ⑫  CDP (https://www.cdp.net/en)


</Manufactoring_Korea_Hyundai Steel_2020.pdf>