This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Manufactoring_Korea_Poongsan_2019.pdf>

1  CODE OF ETHICS  Based on the vision of leading development through creation of future values, Poongsan Corporation  (the “ Company ”) desires to fulfil its social responsibilities by complying with relevant laws and  regulations, respecting the order of free  competition  market, and pursuing the mutual prosperity of all  involved through transparent and ethical corporate activities. Ther eby, this code of ethics (this “Code”)  is enacted as a standard for the behaviors of all officers and employees of the Company and all  officers and employees of the Company affirm to comply with this Code.  1.  Responsibilities and Obligations of Officers and  Employees  1 - 1  Basic code of ethics  (1)  As proud member of the Company,  officers and employees shall display kind manners  and professional conducts .  (2)  Through sound judgment and proper conducts based on highest ethical standard, officers  and employees shall maintain  personal dignity and honor of the Company.  (3)  Officers and employees shall  maximize  the  efficiency by active  cooperation and  effective communication between personnel and relevant departments.  (4)  Officers and employees shall do their best to prevent an accident  through safety  management.  1 - 2  Ethical conducts in work place  (1)  Officers  and  employees  shall  fully understand  the  responsibilities  and  authorities  granted to them in accordance with the policies and regulations of the Company,  conduct their given duties dilige ntly, and shall bear responsibilities for the results of  actions.  (2)  Officers and employees shall strictly separate professional and personal matters and  shall not provide or receive cash, goods, entertainment, or conveniences which may  undermine the  fairness.

2  (3)  With respect to the works and personal lives, officers and employees shall not engage in  unethical behaviors generally  unacceptable in the society.  (4)  Officers and employees shall not publically disclose or disclose to a third party  confidential inf ormation of the Company, without a prior approval.  (5)  Officers and employees shall protect the assets of the Company and shall not use the  assets of the Company for personal benefits.  1 - 3  Ethical conducts among officers and employees  (1)  Officers and employees shall  not provide or receive improper request and shall not  provide or receive any benefits related to improper request.  (2)  Loaning money or providing guarantees among officers and employee is prohibited in  principle.  (3)  Officers and employees shall respect and trea t one another with courtesy, and do their  best  for happy work life.  2.  Ethical Conducts  of the Company toward  Officers and Employees  2 - 1  The Company shall respect each one of officers and employees, provide fair evaluations  based on merits and achievements and p rovide fair rewards.  2 - 2  The Company shall provide fair opportunities for personal and professional development of  officers and employees and shall  not  discriminate the officers and employees on the basis of  sex, education level or regional origin, etc.  2 - 3  The  Company shall establish a system necessary for the professional growth of the officers  and employees and shall operate and actively support such system.  3.  Fair Transactions and Competitions  3 - 1  All transactions of the Company shall be conducted based on free ma rket principle with the  guarantee of fair and equitable opportunities for participation, from mutual equal positions.

3  3 - 2  The Company shall not force unfair action or exert influence using a superior position in  transaction.  3 - 3  The Company shall establish  partnership relations based on trust and cooperation, jointly  seek improvement in technology, and pursue mutual development, with its partner businesses.  4.  Ethical Conducts toward Customers  4 - 1  The  Company  and  its  officers  and  employees  shall  prioritize  the  cus tomers  in  all  management activities, respects the opinions of the customers and keep the promises with  customers.  4 - 2  The Company and its officers and employees shall do their best for the creation of value for  the customers by providing the best products and  services satisfying the demands and  expectations of the customers.  4 - 3  The Company and its officers and employees shall  protect the profits and safety of the  customers and shall not disclose or use for the non - authorized purposes the information  related to the  customer, without an approval of the customer.  5.  Responsibilities and Obligations toward Shareholders  5 - 1  The Company and its officers and employees shall respect the rights of shareholders and  maximize the value for shareholders by achieving profits through e fficient management.  5 - 2  The Company and its officers and employees shall build mutually trusting relationship with  the shareholders by providing management information to the shareholders and investors in  timely manner, in accordance with relevant laws, regulations, and procedure s.  6.  Responsibilities toward Country and Society  6 - 1  The Company shall contribute to the economic development of the country by creating  employments through steady growth and by providing quality goods and services.  6 - 2  As a member of the community, the Company sh all perform its social responsibilities by

4  actively participating in and assisting educational, cultural, welfare programs.  6 - 3  The Company shall comply with relevant laws and regulations, including those related to  environmental protection, prevent pollution  by environmentally friendly management, and  actively participate in environmental preservation.  Addendum  1.  This Code shall be effective as of February 1, 2007.  2.  The ethics guideline for officers’ and employees’ compliance with this Code shall separately be  enacted.


</Manufactoring_Korea_Poongsan_2019.pdf>