This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Manufacturing_Indonesia_Indah Kiat Pulp & Paper_2023.pdf>

BUSINESS CODE OF CONDUCT  What is the BCOC and Why Do We Have It?  As part of APP Group, at PT.  Indah Kiat Pulp & Paper Tbk  (hereafter will be stated as  the “Company”), we believe that maintaining the highest ethical standards is vital to  our business’s long - term sustainability and growth.  Our daily conduct is the key to upholding the Company’s reputation among employees,  suppliers, customers, competitors, communities, and other stakeholders. We all have  to  respect  the  law,  act  with  integrity and  honesty  in  all  matters.  We must  be  accountabl e for our actions.  Our Business Code of Conduct (BCOC) acts as a set of guiding principles to help you  as our employee and others make informed and ethical decisions at work and ensure  we all act consistently with the Company’s values. It is also the foundation of the  Compan y’s Culture, which is based on honesty and integrity.  Waivers and Modifications of Rules:  The Company is a part of APP Group which operates globally, and as a result, there  may be times when local laws and regulations conflict with the BCOC. Whenever there  is a difference or conflict between local legal  requirements and the BCOC, we shall  apply the strictest requirement.  Who must follow the BCOC ?  This BCOC applies to all APP’s employees worldwide, including the Company’s  employees, except for employees under the management of companies in  China’s  mainland area. It applies to you, whether you are a full - time/permanent, temporary/  contract, or intern employee, and anyone who works on our behalf.  We also expect our business partners, including suppliers, vendors, third parties, and  their employees, to act in a way consistent with our BCOC .  What is Our Responsibility for the  BCOC?  As the Company’s employees, each one of us has the responsibility to:  •  Read, understand, and be familiar with the requirements in the BCOC, along  with any  policies applicable.  •  Complete the BCOC training on an annual basis.  •  Consistently act and behave in accordance with the Company’s values and  BCOC.  •  Ensure our suppliers, contractors, and business partners act consistently with  the provision in our BCOC.  •  Speak Up. Raise questions or concerns when in doubt or when you are aware  of any possible violations of our BCOC.

•  Cooperate fully with an audit or investigation.  As a supervisor, line manager, head, or leader, you have additional responsibilities to:  •  Ensure all your team members read, understand, and be familiar with our  BCOC. You are responsible for helping your team members understand our  BCOC.  •  Ensure all your team members complete the BCOC training on an annual basis.  •  Be a role model by consistently acting and behaving in accordance with our  BCOC.  •  Encourage your team members and other parties to Speak Up.  •  Listen and properly respond to questions and concerns raised .  Speak Up  –  When and How ?  When s hould you  Speak Up?  Every one of us has a  responsibility to Speak Up, ask questions when in doubt, or raise  concerns.  As our employee, you are responsible to submit a report when you see any unethical  behaviour, unsafe act, and potential violations of our BCOC. You should also ask  questions whenever you are in doubt or have an ethical dilemma in making a decision  at work.  We also encourage our third parties or stakeholders to Speak Up and raise their  concerns related to our Company.  For you to feel comfortable to Speak Up, we provide an  option for everyone to report  concerns anonymously.  How can you  Speak Up?  There are several options for you to Speak Up, as follows:

Integrated Call Center (ICC)  One of the options for everyone to Speak Up is through the Integrated Call  Center  (ICC). ICC is a 24/7 Speak Up channel for the Company’s internal and external parties  to ask questions and raise concerns. You may contact ICC anonymously, and your  report will be kept confidential following the applicable policies and regulations.  Zero Tolerance on Retaliation  Retaliation can be in many forms, e.g., threats, intimidation, exclusion, humiliation, and  unfair treatment. The Company does not tolerate any forms of retaliation against  anyone who reports any violations in good faith. We consider retaliation as miscondu ct,  which will be subject to an internal investigation.  If you believe that you or someone  else is experiencing retaliation, you shall Speak Up.  Learn more: Speak Up (Whistleblower) Policy and Whistleblower Protection Policy.

Section 1  –  Our People  Diversity and Inclusion  The Company is committed to a working environment that promotes diversity,  inclusion, and equal opportunity. We believe in the importance of a workplace with  mutual trust, respect for human rights, and no discrimination. Therefore, we recruit  and retain th e best talent from around the world and value each individual’s unique  background and talent.  We believe that diverse backgrounds, experiences, talents, ideas, as well as the  ability to work together in an inclusive environment will lead the Company in a  better direction to achieve common goals.  What you shall do:  •  Be aware and respectful of cultural differences.  •  Treat everyone with respect.  •  Recognize each other’s diverse backgrounds and abilities.  •  Value input and ideas of others.  •  Encourage and  listen to those who Speak Up.  Equal Opportunity  We are committed to providing equal employment opportunities and to treat  everyone with respect, fairness, and dignity. Decisions regarding our employees  and applicants must always be based on merit, qualifications, and job - related  performance.  What you shall not do:  •  Base the employment decisions (e.g., hiring, training, promoting, and  compensation) on non - job - related characteristics such as race, ethnicity,  national origin, gender, age, religion, disability, and others legally protected  status.  •  Inappropriate  behaviour,  including  making  offensive  comments  and  inappropriate jokes of a violent or sexual nature.  Safe Working Environment  The Company is committed to prevent workplace violence and maintain a safe  working environment. We support your physical and mental wellbeing as an  employee and ensure safe working conditions. The Company is committed to not  use any form of forced, traffic ked, or child labour. We respect the dignity of the  individual, also your right to freedom of association and collective bargaining.  We do not tolerate acts of verbal or physical abuse, behaviour that make another  individual feel threatened or unsafe, and any form of sexual harassment. All  employees, customers, vendors, and business partners should be treated with  courtesy and respect a t all times. We are all responsible for maintaining the  workplace that is free from harassment and violence.

What you shall do:  •  Help to create and maintain a workplace environment that is  free from  harassment and violence.  •  Do not threaten, intimidate, or coerce another employee, customer, vendor,  or business partner.  •  Do  not  make  any  inappropriate  or  offensive  comments  to  another  employee, customer, vendor, or business partner.  •  Do not make any inappropriate comments of a sexual nature or engage in  any  sexual  offensive  behaviour  against  other  employees,  customers,  vendors, or business partners.  •  It is prohibited to possess or use weapons while on company premises or  while undertaking company business unless you have received specific  authorization from the Company to do so and the possession or use of  weapons is applicable under the local laws. Yo u must store the weapons in  an approved safe or locked facility while on company premises.  •  Do not use company resources (tools, materials, spare parts, and others)  to threaten, stalk, or harass anyone at or outside the workplace.  •  As soon as possible, report any direct or indirect harassment, threats of  violence,  incidents  of  actual  violence,  and  suspicious  individuals  or  activities noticed.  Protecting to Personal Information  We respect your privacy as an employee, including your personal information. We  only use employees’ personal information for legitimate business reasons and  when needed to comply with the laws and regulations.  What you shall do:  •  Protect personal information with appropriate care to prevent misuse and  loss.  You  are  strongly  advised  to  label  the  personal  information  as  “confidential” to alert the confidentiality.  •  Obtain  approval  from  authorized  personnel  before  sharing  personal  information  with  anyone.  Only  those  with  a  need  to  know  may  use  confidential information.  •  Consult with HR when in doubt.  Conflict of Interest  Conflict of interest means any activities and situation that would constitute an  actual  or  perceived  conflict  between  personal  interests  and  our  Company’s  interests. Conflicts of interest may arise where an employee places his or her  personal interests bef ore the interests of the Company, where such personal  interests unduly influence that employee’s business judgments, decisions, or  actions.  We prohibit any conflict of interest that might hinder you from making business  decisions in our Company’s best interest.

What you shall do:  •  Read, understand, and comply with  our Company’s policy of Conflict of  Interest (E - Kinship).  •  Make business decisions in the best interest of our Company at all times.  •  Avoid, eliminate, resolve, and appropriately disclose any situation that  creates, or appears to create, a conflict of interest between personal and  the Company’s interests.  •  Disclose any situation that creates or appears to create a conflict of interest  in the E - Kinship system, which must be updated every year, so that we  could review the situation and determine steps that should be taken to  manage the potential conflict.  Learn more: Conflict of Interest (E - Kinship) Policy.  Section 2  –  Duty of Care  Workplace Health, Safety, and Security  The Company is committed to the highest standard of health, safety, and  security.  All of us share the responsibility to maintain health, safety, and security at our  workplace to protect our people and the Company’s ongoing business.  Everyone must strive to maintain a safe and healthy working environment. The  Company’s facilities must operate in compliance with the applicable health and  safety regulations and the Company’s standards, which may be more stringent.  What you shall do:  •  Understand and get involved with the workplace health, safety, and security  systems.  •  Keep the  workplace tidy to minimize the risk of any slips and falls.  •  Adhere to safe working procedures and use the equipment correctly.  •  Wear protective clothing and equipment whenever required.  •  Help new employees and visitors to understand the proper workplace  health, safety, and security procedures, and why they should play an active  role.  •  Tell  your  supervisor  or  manager  of  any  health,  safety,  and  security  concerns as soon as they arise.  •  Promptly report any pain, discomfort, accidents, or anything else that might  present a risk to the health and safety of any person.  •  Report minor work - related injuries, minor accidents, and “near - misses.”  This is essential to help us identify hazards and take corrective action  before serious injuries occur.  •  Encourage our vendors, suppliers, contractors, and others to comply with  health, safety, and security regulations.

Drugs and Alcohol Use  Drug and alcohol use at work poses a threat to our people’s health and safety, and  the Company’s security. Everyone is prohibited from being under the influence of  alcohol or drugs (both legal and illegal drugs) when at work on company premises  or engaged  in company business.  Unauthorized buying, selling, manufacturing, or dispensing alcohol or drugs is  strictly prohibited within our company premises. Moderate consumption of alcohol  as  a  part  of  work - related  external  relations  activities  is  acceptable  where  reasonable and align ed with the applicable provision and laws.  Section 3  –  Business Partners  Maintaining Long - Term and  Sustainable Relationship  Our business partners are essential to our business, including our customers,  suppliers, vendors, contractors, and third parties. The Company is committed to  acting fairly in selecting our suppliers and customers. The Company also seeks to  work with busine ss partners who share the same commitments with our ethics and  compliance.  What you shall do:  •  Clearly communicate our expectations to suppliers, customers, and other  business partners; and agree on the applicable contractual obligations.  •  Take the appropriate measure in a situation where our business partners  do not meet the expectations and obligations.  •  Treat our business partners fairly and honestly.  •  Protect  business  partners’  confidential  information,  e.g.,  pricing,  technology, data, and others.  •  Report any indications that our business partners are not complying with  the applicable laws or the contractual agreement.  Gift and Entertainment  Receiving and providing gifts and entertainment from and to our business partners  can become risky. Exchanging gifts and entertainment in return for any business,  services, or confidential information is strictly prohibited.  What you shall do:  •  Read, understand, and comply with the Company’s applicable policy of Gift  and Entertainment.  Learn more: Gift and Entertainment Policy

Prevention of Money Laundering  Money laundering is the process of concealing illegal sources of funds and makes  it look legitimate through different stages, placement, layering, and integration. We  strictly  prohibit this practice in the Company.  What you shall do:  •  Build your awareness of the money laundering process.  •  Follow  the  counterparty  due  diligence  process  before  engaging  with  business partners.  •  Never get involved in money laundering activities.  •  Raise concerns when you see any indications of money laundering.  Avoidance of Anti - Competitive Conduct  Anti - competitive conduct is a business practice that limits or prevents competition.  Anti - competitive conduct is against the law. We prohibit any engagement in anti -  competitive practices, including an agreement with competitors to fix the price, rigs  bid,  or restrict supplies.  What you shall do:  •  Know your counterparty before making any business deal by following and  performing due diligence.  •  Do not solicit or accept bribes or kickbacks from anyone who is seeking to  do business with the Company.  •  Do not offer, give, or receive any bribes, kickbacks, facilitation payments,  or other forms of illegitimate payments.  •  Keep accurate records with its supporting documents and ensure all  payments are legitimate and not used for any unlawful purpose.  •  Raise concerns if you see any indication of anti - competitive conduct.  Section 4  –  Environment, Community, and Government  Environmental Protection  Environment  protection is one of the targets to be achieved from the three  sustainability  pillars  that  form  the  basis  of  our  sustainability  initiatives.  The  Company fully supports the nation’s commitment to protecting the environment.  The Company is also committed to  carefully and responsibly manage these  resources.  What you shall do:  •  Understand and comply with health, safety, and environmental regulations  in your daily activities.  •  Ensure that the Company’s facilities meet and exceed the relevant regional,  national, and international standards wherever we operate.  •  Demonstrate  awareness  of  and  commitment  to  the  Company’s  environmental policies.

•  Promptly report any environmental risks, hazards, or any potential violation  of our environmental policies.  •  Encourage  our  suppliers,  contractors,  customers,  and  other  business  partners to engage in responsible stewardship practices.  •  Contact  the  Sustainability  or  your  local  HSE  (Health,  Safety,  and  Environment) team for further information and if you are in doubt.  Engagement with Communities  We are committed to being a trusted partner to the communities where we operate  and contribute to those communities’ development through our various investment  programs.  What you shall do:  •  Maintain a sustainable relationship with the surrounding community.  •  Contact the CSR (Corporate Social Responsibility) team for any information  and questions related to our communities.  Managing Public Communication  The public communications must be clear, accurate, consistent, and responsible.  Only a  person appointed or authorized by the Company can talk to the public and  media. We prohibit the disclosure of any confidential and proprietary information to  anyone without prior approval.  What you shall do:  •  Always be careful when posting anything on social media. Do not expect  privacy if you participate in social media.  •  Always consult with the Communication team before making a post related  to the Company on social media.  •  Many of you are a subject matter expert in your area and are invited to  share your expertise through presentations. Make sure you consult with the  Communication team before presenting any company related materials to  the public.  •  When in doubt, please contact the Communication team.  Learn more: Social Media Policy & Guideline.  Anti - Bribery and Corruption  We do not tolerate any forms of bribery and corruption in conducting our business.  We are committed to complying with the applicable anti - bribery and corruption laws  and regulations wherever the Company operates.  What you shall do:  •  Understand and comply with the Company’s applicable Anti - Bribery &  Corruption policy and the local laws and regulations.  •  Know your counterparty before making any business deal by following and  performing due diligence.

•  Do not offer, give, or receive any bribes, kickbacks, facilitation payments,  or other forms of illegitimate payments or allow others to do so on the  Company’s behalf.  •  Do not solicit or accept bribes or kickbacks from anyone.  •  Keep accurate records with supporting documents and ensure all  payments  are legitimate and not used for any unlawful purpose.  •  If you are dealing with government officials, you must know and follow the  particular rules related to this situation. If you are in doubt, please consult  with the Ethics and Compliance team.  Learn more: Anti - Bribery and Corruption Policy.  Stance on Political Contributions and Activities  We  do  not  prohibit  our  employees  from  participating  in  the  political  and  governmental process or communicating personal views to appointed and elected  officials.  However,  you  cannot  identify  yourselves  as  representative  of  the  Company or any of its affilia tes, contractors, and suppliers when communicating  personal views. The company name shall not be used in political campaigns or to  promote the interests of political parties or candidates.  What you shall do:  •  You should not engage in personal political activities during paid working  hours or using our company resources (such as funds, e - mail, phones, and  meeting  rooms)  since  such  actions  can  be  considered  as  political  contributions by the Company.  •  You need to obtain approval from your manager before engaging in any  political activities.  •  Personal political activities can sometimes create a conflict of interest. Talk  to your manager or the Ethics and Compliance team if it occurs.  Section 5  –  Asset Protections, Records, and Financial Integrity  Protection to the Company's Assets  We are all responsible for protecting our Company’s assets, including funds,  facilities, property, machines, spare parts,  computers, IT systems, information,  intellectual property, scrap, energy, electricity, and others. We are also responsible  for  safeguarding  our  Company’s  intellectual  property  and for respecting  the  intellectual property of others.  You should only use the Company’s assets for business purposes and to properly  manage company assets to ensure that they are not damaged, misused, lost,  stolen, or wasted. All of us also need to manage budgets, expenses, and other  funds properly and accura tely.  What you shall do:  •  Ensure efficient daily use of our Company resources.  •  Follow the Company’s travel rules and policies.

•  Any company’s information/data can be deemed confidential. Do not share  the Company’s information/data without prior approval from an authorized  person.  •  Do not share your user ID and password with others.  •  Be vigilant against cyber - attacks such as phishing and spam. Report any  incidents of cyber - attack that you are aware of to the IT team or contact  ICC if you are in doubt.  Maintaining Accurate and Complete Record  The Company’s books and records must be prepared accurately and truthfully.  Books and records can include expenditure reports, job logs, sales reports,  materials and stock reports, finished goods and production reports, waste reports,  measurements, and oth ers.  The Company is committed to ensuring all financial statements, regulatory reports,  and publicly filed documents comply with all applicable requirements. We all  responsible  for  ensuring  that  all  transactions  are  appropriately  recorded,  authorized, and repor ted as required.  What you shall do:  •  Ensure that all transactions are properly recorded, authorized, and reported  as required.  •  Ensure  all  financial  statements,  regulatory  reports,  and  publicly  filed  documents comply with all applicable requirements.  •  Follow the applicable requirements related to retaining, maintaining, and  destroying data and documents.  •  Always provide clear and truthful information and cooperate fully during  audit programs and the investigation process.  Avoidance of  Insider Dealing  In our work, we may become aware of information about company that is not  publicly available. However, the information may be relevant  to investors  in making  a decision  whether to invest in company shares or not . Insider dealing is strictly  prohibited in the Company. Sharing this “inside information” for a trading purpose  is considered illegal based on law and regulation and can result in penalties.  What you shall do:  •  Do not share inside information with anyone as a tip to buy or sell  company’s  shares .  •  Do  not  share  any  non - public  information  without  prior  approval  and  consultation with the Legal team.  •  Never buy or sell  company shares  based on inside information that is not  publicly available.  •  Consult with the Legal team for further details related to insider dealing.  J akarta, 31 May 2023

G LOSSARY  •  Retaliation : Any detrimental treatment, such as dismissal, disciplinary action,  discrimination,  threats,  intimidation,  exclusion,  humiliation,  and  unfair  or  unfavourable treatment resulting from a concern raised in good faith.  •  Gift & Entertainment : Any form of a gift, entertainment, hospitality, reward,  benefit, or other incentives that are received or offered.  •  Anything of Value : Refers to cash or cash equivalent (voucher, e - cash,  cheque,  deposit,  others);  gifts  to  family  members;  debt  write - off;  loans;  personal  favours;  sexual  favours;  rebates;  kickbacks;  insider  information;  entertainment; meals and travel; political, social an d charitable contributions;  business or employment opportunities; medical care; and others. Items of value  that are given in compliance with the requirements of this policy and the  applicable Anti - Corruption Laws; and which are not given w ith the intent to  secure an undue or improper advantage will not be considered as bribes.  •  Bribe : The act of offering, giving, promising, asking, agreeing, receiving,  accepting, or soliciting anything of value, whether directly or indirectly, to induce  or influence an action or decision, which interferes with the Company’s value,  policies, and proced ure, and/ or the applicable laws, rules, or regulation.  •  Facilitating  Payment :  Bribes  or  unofficial  payments  given  to  or  by the  Company’s employee intended to speed up routine transactions to which the  payer is already entitled, such as to speed up licensing or invoicing process.  •  Phishing : Fraudulent attempts through electronic communication, mostly e -  mail,  to  obtain  sensitive  personal  information,  such  as  username  and  password, PIN, Credit Card.  •  Spam : Refers to the e - mail sent without request, which mainly contains  advertisement content.

REFERENCE  REGULATION (LAW)  Law of the Republic of Indonesia Number 5 of 1999 concerning Prohibition of  Monopolistic Practices and Unfair Business Competition.  Law of the Republic of Indonesia Number 20 of 2001 concerning Eradication of  Corruption Crimes.  Law of the Republic of Indonesia Number 15 of 2002 concerning the Crime of Money  Laundering.  Law of the Republic of Indonesia Number 13 of 2003 concerning Indonesian  Manpower.  Law of the Republic of Indonesia Number 32 of 2009 concerning Environmental  Protection and Management.  Law of the Republic of Indonesia Number 7 of 2014 concerning Trade.  STANDARD  International Labour Organization (ILO) Core Convention.  United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs on BHR).  United Nations Global  Compact (UNGC)’s 10 Principles.


</Manufacturing_Indonesia_Indah Kiat Pulp & Paper_2023.pdf>
