This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Manufacturing_China_Lenovo_2021.pdf>

CODE OF CONDUCT  Issued:  May 2016  Revised: May 2019,  June  2021 , August 2021

INTRODUCTION | 2  Dear Team,  For the past several years, Lenovo has been steadily growing, becoming  one of the world’s largest and most respected makers of PCs, smartphones,  tablets and servers, and providers of cloud services. We have more customers  in more places buying more devices than ever before. With our bigger  business and higher profile comes not only great opportunity, but also great  responsibility.  That is why we must have a clear, strong, consistent Code of Conduct.  This Code reflects an extension of our culture of integrity and our continued  commitment to ethical business practices and complying with the law. We  expect all of our employees and representatives to understand and comply  with our Code and exercise good judgment when making business decisions.  The Code summarizes the principles and policies that govern our company.  This Code must apply to every business decision in every area of the  company worldwide. Please use this Code and the resources described in it  to help answer your questions or address your concerns.  As we continue to transform, our Code and values remain steadfast. We  must keep our momentum and continue winning by doing business ethically,  honestly, with integrity, and in full compliance with all laws and regulations.  We all have the responsibility to raise compliance and ethical concerns.  Lenovo prohibits retaliation against any employee who, in good faith, seeks  guidance or reports a concern.  Lenovo will keep rising, keep winning, and together we will achieve our  greatest aspirations. Great companies operate with great integrity. That is my  expectation - and that is how we will keep growing, winning and achieving our  bold aspirations for many years to come.  Sincerely,  Yang Yuanqing  Chairman & CEO  Lenovo

INTRODUCTION | 3  Letter from Yang Yuanqing, Chairman and CEO  2  OUR CULTURE AND  5  GUIDING PRINCIPLES  Our Values Define the Way We Do Business  6  How We Act With Integrity  7  INTRODUCTION  8  Additional Manager Responsibilities  9  Ethics and Compliance Program  10  Reporting Concerns and Seeking Guidance  10  The LenovoLine  11  Investigating and Resolving Issues  13  No Retaliation  13  OUR EMPLOYEES  14  Fair Treatment  14  Diversity  14  Harassment-Free Workplace  15  Health, Safety & Security of Employees  16  Alcohol & Substance Abuse  16  OUR INVESTORS  17  Conflicts of Interest  17  Outside Employment  19  Board Memberships  19  Family Members & Close Personal Relationships  20  Personal Investments  21  Connected Transactions Process  22  Accuracy of Business Records  23  Insider Information & Securities Trading  24  Authority to Make Lenovo Commitments  25  Protecting Company Assets  26  Lenovo Information & Communication Systems  27  Privacy & Data Protection  28  Lenovo Intellectual Property Rights  29  Lenovo Confidential & Restricted Information  30  CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION | 4  THE MARKETPLACE  32  Gifts, Entertainment, Corporate Hospitality & Travel  32  Giving & Receiving Gifts  33  Entertainment & Travel  34  Providing Gifts, Entertainment or Travel to  Government Officials or Employees  35  Anti-Corruption Laws & Bribery  36  Government Customers  37  Product & Quality Service  38  Representations Regarding Lenovo Products  38  Treating Our Business Partners With Integrity  39  External Communications/Media Relations  40  Protecting Information & Intellectual Property  Belonging to Others  41  Fair Competition  42  Import & Export Controls  43  COMMUNITY & SOCIETY  44  The Environment  44  Political Process  45  Anti-Money Laundering  46  Commitment to Human Rights  46  Commitment to Community  47  WHERE TO GO FOR HELP  48  NO RETALIATION  48  CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION | 5  OUR CULTURE AND  GUIDING PRINCIPLES

We do what we say.  We own what we do.  We wow our customers.  说到做到，尽心尽力，成就客户。  Serving Our Customers  服务客户  Innovation  开拓创新  Entrepreneurship  创业精神  Teamwork with Integrity & Trust  诚信共赢

OUR CULTURE AND GUIDING PRINCIPLES | 7  FOLLOW THE LAW, THE  CODE AND OUR POLICIES  We behave honestly, by obeying the law, our  policies, our Code of Conduct and by always  doing the right thing.  We do not engage in unfair  business practices or illegal activities like fraud,  theft, bribery, insider trading or harassment. We  never abandon our ethical values for the sake of  profits or personal gain.  MUTUAL RESPECT  We treat each other with fairness, dignity and  respect.  We value individual differences and the  quality of ideas and innovation that come from  those differences.  ACCOUNTABILITY  We honor commitments, deliver on our promises  and take responsibility for decisions.  We never  use a contractor, consultant or other third party to  perform any illegal act or violate Lenovo policy.  COURAGE  We report any situation or action that we believe  violates our policies, the Code of Conduct or  the law.  We never retaliate against those who  speak up.  ETHICAL LEADERSHIP  Regardless of our position or level, we rely on  Lenovo’s values and Code of Conduct as our  guide. We consider the consequences of our  decisions on Lenovo’s reputation.  We avoid  conflicts between our personal interests and  those of Lenovo.  COMMITMENT TO CONSUMERS  AND COMMUNITIES  We always focus on the needs of consumers,  our customers and the communities where we  do business.  HOW WE ACT WITH INTEGRITY

INTRODUCTION | 8  At Lenovo, the Code of Conduct (the Code)  is the cornerstone of our commitment  to conducting business legally, ethically  and with integrity. The Code applies to all  employees (including full-time, part-time,  and supplemental or temporary) of Lenovo  Group Limited and its subsidiaries, present  and future. We also require all consultants  and contractors working for Lenovo to  follow the Code in connection with their  work for Lenovo.  Any violation of this Code is a serious  matter. A breach can put the company, our  employees and our products or services  at substantial risk. Every employee is  accountable for his or her own behavior.  Failure to follow the Code, or violation of the  policies described in the Code, can result  in disciplinary action, including termination  of employment. Failure of any contractor or  consultant  to follow the Code can result in  termination of their relationship with Lenovo.  We must never conceal anyone’s failure to  comply with the Code, Lenovo policies or  the law. We should never ask or allow a  third party to act on Lenovo’s behalf in any  way that would violate the Code, Lenovo  policies or the law.  The Code is a starting point, and is not  intended to describe every law, policy,  procedure or business process that applies  to your work at Lenovo. Make sure you  know the rules that apply to you.  In addition to following the Code, each of  us has an important responsibility to know  and follow the laws that apply, wherever we  work. If you have questions about the laws  that apply to your activities, contact the  Legal Department.  INTRODUCTION  INTRODUCTION | 8

INTRODUCTION | 9  ADDITIONAL MANAGER RESPONSIBILITIES  •  You will ensure your employees know what is  expected of them, are comfortable seeking  guidance when they have questions and can raise  concerns without fear of retaliation.  •  You may never engage in - or allow - retaliation  against someone for making a report of  suspected misconduct.  •  You will ensure that your employees and contractors  complete all required ethics training.  •  As a manager, you have a special obligation to  report and respond to any behavior that you think  could violate the law, the Code or our policies.  •  If you feel unsure of the answer to an employee’s  question or concern, contact the resources listed in  the Code.  As a manager at Lenovo, you lead by example, creating a work  culture that promotes integrity and reinforces the Code and our  supporting policies.

INTRODUCTION | 10  Lenovo’s  Ethics  and  Compliance  Office  (ECO)  administers  Lenovo’s ethics and compliance program. The ECO monitors and  enforces employee compliance with the Code and Lenovo policies.  The ECO also answers employee questions, provides training and  policy guidance and serves as a channel for reporting unethical,  suspicious or illegal behavior.  ETHICS AND  COMPLIANCE PROGRAM  REPORTING CONCERNS  AND SEEKING GUIDANCE  You should promptly report any conduct that:  •  Seems unethical, illegal or suspicious  •  May violate the Code  •  May violate any policies or procedures  You can raise concerns at any time with:  •  Your manager (provided your manager is not involved in the  violation) or another manager you trust  •  The  Ethics  and  Compliance  Office  (ECO)  (ethics@lenovo.com)  •  Human Resources  •  •  •  Lenovo’s Independent  The  LenovoLine  The Legal Department In China, you can report misconduct to  Com mission  Against Corruption (ICAC)  (ICAC@lenovo.com)

INTRODUCTION | 11  For dialing instructions from other countries, visit the “Legal”  section of Lenovo Central.  http://lenovocentral.lenovo.com/compliance/lenovoline.shtml  To make a report or inquiry using the secure  LenovoLine website, visit  https://www.integrity-helpline.com/lenovo.jsp.  The  LenovoLine  allows you to report a concern or ask a question  24 hours a day 7 days a week, either online or by telephone. The  LenovoLine is operated by an independent, outside company.  Information received through the LenovoLine is referred to Lenovo’s  ECO. Every report is assessed and taken seriously. The LenovoLine  is  committed  to  protecting  your  confidentiality,  to  the  extent  possible.  You can raise issues anonymously if you prefer. Although your name is  not required to address most concerns, a more thorough investigation  can be conducted if you identify yourself.  Due to legal restrictions, anonymous reporting through the LenovoLine  is not permitted in certain countries. Some countries also limit the  types of issues that can be reported using this resource. If the  LenovoLine is not available in your country, please contact one of the  other available Lenovo resources. If you have any questions about  which resources to use, contact the ECO.  the LenovoLine Contact by phone:  To call from the US, dial  1-800-230-2464  To call from China, dial  400- 120-0213  Contact the LenovoLine  on the website:  THE LENOVOLINE

INTRODUCTION | 12  ATTENTION:  Any of the following statements could be a sign of  trouble. If you hear anyone say these things, speak up!  •  I know it’s against policy, but this is just how things get done here--it’s  local custom  •  It’s ok if they [our business partners]--and not us--violate the Code and  the law  •  It’s not my problem; someone else should say something  •  No  one  will  find  out  •  It seems suspicious, but I don’t have any proof  •  Reporting won’t change anything; it would just distract from getting the  job done  •  We couldn’t function or win business if we followed all of the rules; they  just slow things down  •  Meeting our launch date is more important than following the rules  •  The  more  confidential  details  I  share  with  others  about  our  new  products,  the more excitement we can generate  Reach out to your manager, the  LenovoLine , the ECO, Human Resources or  the Legal Department for the right course of action. If you are unsure who to  contact, contact the ECO.  Why is it important to  report misconduct?  A: We all have a responsibility to do the right  thing and protect Lenovo’s reputation. If you  promptly report any suspected violation of the  Code, policy or the law, you will help prevent or  limit damage to Lenovo.  What if my culture  discourages speaking up?  A:  It  is  not  always  easy  to  find  the  courage  to speak up and report a concern, but as an  employee or individual working with Lenovo, you  are expected and encouraged to do so; it is an  essential part of our Code. While cultural norms  may vary, our Code and the importance of doing  the right thing never varies.  » Q.  » Q.  INTRODUCTION | 12

INTRODUCTION | 13  When necessary, Lenovo will investigate issues raised  by employees or others. All employees, contractors and  consultants are required to cooperate fully with investigations  and audits conducted by Lenovo or governmental  authorities. This means providing information, Lenovo-  issued equipment such as computers or smartphones,  documents and personal interviews. Failure to cooperate,  including misleading, lying, destroying or altering documents  or records, or failing to respond promptly to requests  for information by investigators or auditors is grounds  for disciplinary action up to and including termination  of employment. Lenovo may report misconduct to the  appropriate authorities. Consult the ECO or the Legal  Department before responding to non-routine requests for  audits, investigations or information from parties outside  of Lenovo.  INVESTIGATING AND  RESOLVING ISSUES  NO RETALIATION  Lenovo does not tolerate retaliation against any employee,  consultant or contractor for reporting an issue or raising a  concern he or she believes to be true, cooperating with an  investigation or audit, or refusing to participate in activities  that violate the Code, laws or company policies. This  policy protects anyone who makes a report in good faith,  even if he or she is found to be mistaken. Anyone who  engages in retaliation will be subject to disciplinary action,  including termination of employment. If you believe you were  retaliated against, immediately report the matter to the ECO.  What are some examples of  retaliation?  A: Retaliation can take many forms including:  •  Demotions  •  Undesirable assignments  •  Inappropriate performance ratings  •  Termination of employment  •  Verbal harassment  •  Intimidation  •  Threats  I raised a compliance concern  about my manager to my local  HR Partner. My manager has now  started raising issues with my  performance that he never raised  before. What should I do?  A: Let HR or the ECO know about your  concerns, even if you aren’t sure. Your concern  will be investigated and if you are being retaliated  against, action will be taken to protect you.  » Q.  » Q.

OUR EMPLOYEES | 14  COMMITMENT TO  DIVERSE BUSINESS  RELATIONSHIPS  POLICY  OUR EMPLOYEES  FAIR TREATMENT  We believe in treating each other with respect and dignity. We judge all  applicants  and  employees  by  their  qualifications,  demonstrated  skills  and  achievements without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity  or expression, national origin, ethnicity, sexual orientation, sex, age, disability,  veteran status, marital status or any other characteristic protected by local  law. When necessary, Lenovo will provide reasonable accommodations for  employees with disabilities or those with special religious requirements.  All employees help to create a positive work environment by adhering to  these standards.  DIVERSITY  We are proud to actively promote diversity in our workforce and the  workforces of those with whom we do business. We respect and  value individuals for their diverse backgrounds, experiences, styles,  approaches and ideas. We rely upon diversity to inspire innovation  that drives our business, enhance our competitive advantage and  serve consumers across the world.  OUR EMPLOYEES | 14

OUR EMPLOYEES | 15  HARASSMENT-FREE  WORKPLACE  Lenovo will not tolerate discrimination or harassment of any individual  with whom we have a business, service or professional relationship.  This includes discrimination or harassment based on race, color,  religion, gender, gender identity or expression, national origin,  ethnicity, sexual orientation, sex, age, disability, veteran status, marital  status or any other characteristic protected by local law. We do not  tolerate unwelcome verbal or physical conduct of a sexual nature.  When a co-worker’s conduct makes us uncomfortable, we speak out.  If we experience or observe workplace harassment, we should report  the incident to our manager, any other member of management,  HR or the ECO. Lenovo takes harassment claims seriously and will  investigate them thoroughly. Employees who engage in harassment,  discrimination or inappropriate behavior are subject to disciplinary  action, including termination of employment.  Harassment can be physical, verbal or visual  conduct  that  creates  an  intimidating,  offensive,  abusive or hostile environment.  Harassment can take many forms. Some  examples of harassing behaviors include:  •  Unwanted requests for dates  •  Displaying  or  sharing  offensive  or  pornographic pictures or images  •  Unwanted touching  •  Offensive  or  inappropriate  language,  comments or jokes  Lenovo managers are required by Lenovo  and in some cases, by local law, to report any  harassment as soon as they become aware of the  situation to Human Resources or to the ECO so  the issue can be appropriately investigated.  COMMITMENT TO  DIVERSITY AND  NON-DISCRIMINATION  POLICY

OUR EMPLOYEES | 16  HEALTH, SAFETY &  SECURITY OF EMPLOYEES  We are committed to providing a safe and healthy work  environment and preventing accidents. We must observe the  safety and health rules and practices that apply to our job and  protect ourselves and our coworkers, including immediately  reporting accidents, injuries and unsafe conditions.  A safe and secure work environment also means a workplace free  from violence. With the exception of Lenovo security personnel and  law enforcement, Lenovo prohibits the possession, concealment or  use  of  any  firearm  or  other  weapon  on  Lenovo  premises  (including  parking lots and other outside spaces) or in any location outside  the home when conducting Lenovo business. Report any violence,  intimidation or threats of violence as soon as possible to Lenovo  Security or the Legal Department.  RESPONSIBILITY FOR  EMPLOYEE HEALTH  AND SAFETY POLICY  WORKPLACE  VIOLENCE  POLICY  ALCOHOL &  SUBSTANCE ABUSE  Lenovo expects employees to report to work able to perform their  duties  and  free  from  the  influence  of  alcohol,  illegal  drugs  or  the  abuse of prescribed or over-the-counter drugs. Using, possessing,  buying, or selling illegal drugs or abusing controlled substances  while on the job, on Lenovo premises, operating Lenovo property  (including company vehicles) or engaging in Lenovo business  is prohibited and is grounds for disciplinary action, including  termination of employment.  Check the policies that apply to your  location for additional guidance.

OUR INVESTORS | 17  OUR INVESTORS  We  should  avoid  situations  that  may  involve  a  conflict,  or  even  an  appearance  of  a  conflict,  between  our  personal  interests  and  Lenovo’s legitimate business interests. Immediately disclose any  situation  that  may  be  or  could  appear  to  be,  a  conflict  of  interest  to your manager and the ECO or Legal Department and remove  yourself from any related decision-  making process.  When  faced  with  a  potential  conflict  of  interest,  ask  yourself:  •  Does  this  benefit  (or  could  it  be  perceived  to  benefit)  me,  my  family  or  another  business,  in  conflict  with  Lenovo’s legitimate business interests?  •  Would this activity, if publicized, harm my reputation, my ability  to do my job or embarrass Lenovo?  THE FOLLOWING ARE SOME EXAMPLES  CONFLICTS OF INTEREST  CONFLICTS  OF INTEREST  POLICY  OUR INVESTORS | 17

OUR INVESTORS | 18  EXAMPLES OF CONFLICTS OF INTEREST:  •  Having an employment, contracting or consulting relationship  with a Lenovo competitor, supplier or customer  •  Holding  a  substantial  financial  interest  in  a  Lenovo  competitor,  supplier or customer  •  Performing non-Lenovo work or soliciting non-Lenovo business  while working on Lenovo time  •  Using Lenovo assets, including equipment, telephones, materials  or proprietary information for unauthorized personal use or  outside work  •  Accepting  any  cash,  gifts,  entertainment  or  benefits  that  have  more than a nominal value from any competitor, supplier or  customer of Lenovo  •  Using opportunities discovered through Lenovo employment for  personal gain at the expense of Lenovo  •  Hiring, managing or supervising a relative or romantic partner  •  Awarding Lenovo business to a relative’s business

OUR INVESTORS | 19  OUTSIDE  EMPLOYMENT  Any outside business activity must be strictly separate from  employment at Lenovo, not compete with Lenovo’s interests, and  should not harm your job performance at Lenovo. We must follow  local Lenovo policies on taking outside employment or participating in  outside business ventures. We may not work for or receive payment  for services from any third party who interacts with Lenovo, including  Lenovo’s suppliers, customers, competitors or regulators without prior  written approval from management. We may not use Lenovo assets  for any outside business activity without prior written approval from  management.  BOARD  MEMBERSHIPS  Serving on a board of directors or similar body for an outside  business, organization (including trade industry associations and  standard-setting boards) or government agency, can also create  a  conflict  of  interest  and  requires  advance  review  by  the  ECO  and  approval from Lenovo’s management at the level of Vice President  or higher. Serving as a director of a publicly traded company or  any company that is a supplier to or customer of Lenovo requires  the approval of the CEO and General Counsel of Lenovo. Lenovo  encourages our employees to be active in their communities and,  where appropriate, assume leadership positions in community or  non-profit  organizations,  provided  this  service  does  not  create  a  conflict  between  their  duties  to  Lenovo  and  their  duties  to  the  outside  organization.  I took a second job working as  an independent contractor for  a company that sells various  products. Before taking the job, I  received approval from my Lenovo  manager. I recently learned that the  company will start manufacturing  components which may be sold to  Lenovo or to its competitors. Do I  need to disclose this to my Lenovo  manager as well?  A: Yes. Even though you did the right thing initially  by obtaining approval for the outside employment,  the circumstances have changed and now  present  a  potential  conflict  of  interest.  You  should  consult your manager or the ECO.  » Q.  OUR INVESTORS | 19

OUR INVESTORS | 20  FAMILY MEMBERS &  CLOSE PERSONAL  RELATIONSHIPS  My brother’s wife runs a company  that provides cleaning services.  Can I be involved in hiring her  company to work for Lenovo?  A:  No.  It  creates  a  conflict  of  interest  between  your desire to help your brother’s wife and your  objectivity in selecting the best company. You  should disclose your relationship and remove  yourself from the selection process. The cleaning  company may then compete for Lenovo’s  business  with  other  qualified  vendors.  INAPPROPRIATE  RELATIONSHIPS  POLICY  If our family members, romantic partners or people with whom we  are in close personal relationships are or may become involved in  business activity related to Lenovo, including acting as a Lenovo  supplier, customer or vendor, we should immediately disclose the  nature of the relationship to management and HR and must remove  ourselves from any related decision-making process. If we supervise  or  are  in  a  position  to  exercise  influence  over  any  aspect  of  the  performance, compensation or advancement of a family member,  romantic partner or someone with whom we have a close personal  relationship, we must report this relationship to a Human Resources  Vice President at Lenovo.  » Q.

OUR INVESTORS | 21  PERSONAL INVESTMENTS I would like to make a small  investment in Dell stock.  Any problems?  A: No. Small investments in public companies  that  compete  with  Lenovo  are  fine  as  long  as  you  are  not  basing  your  decision  on  confidential  information learned through your position at  Lenovo. If you have questions about whether your  investment  could  cause  a  conflict,  contact  the  ECO for guidance.  I’d like to make an investment in my  friend’s company that competes  with Lenovo. The investment will  give me 25% of the equity in the  business  and  the  ability  to  influence  how the business operates. Any  problems with this?  A: Yes, there is a problem. This business  competes with Lenovo and your investment in it  is likely to cause, or appear to cause, you to act  in ways that support your friend’s company, which  would be harmful to Lenovo’s interests.  Our  personal  financial  investments  must  not  influence,  or  appear  to  influence,  our  independent  judgment  on  behalf  of  Lenovo.  When  determining  whether  a  personal  investment  creates  a  conflict  of  interest, consider the relationship between the business of the  outside company, Lenovo’s business and what you do at Lenovo.  Consider whether the company has a business relationship  with  Lenovo  that  you  can  influence  and  the  extent  to  which  the  company competes with Lenovo.  If there is any doubt about how an investment might be perceived,  disclose it as soon as possible to your manager, the ECO or the  Legal Department for guidance.  We are also prohibited from directly or indirectly buying, or  otherwise acquiring rights to any property or materials, when  we know that Lenovo may be interested in pursuing such  an opportunity.  » Q.  » Q.  OUR INVESTORS | 21

OUR INVESTORS | 22  CONNECTED  TRANSACTIONS PROCESS  We must comply with Lenovo’s Worldwide Connected  Transactions Process. Before contracting or transacting with  any external entity or individual (including vendors, suppliers or  customers) we must check to determine if the individual or entity  is included on Lenovo’s List of Connected Persons. If an entity or  individual is on the list, you must immediately report the transaction  to  Lenovo’s  Company  Secretary  Office  before  committing  or  entering into the contract or agreement.  LENOVO WORLDWIDE  CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS  PROCESS

OUR INVESTORS | 23  Contact your manager, Internal Audit, the ECO, or the Legal  Department  or  make  a  confidential  report  through  the  LenovoLine ,  immediately, if you suspect that:  •  Any  Lenovo  book,  record  or  account  has  been  falsified  or  improperly altered or destroyed or  •  Improper or illegal action has been taken related to  accounting  or  financial  reporting  Investors count on Lenovo to provide shareholders with accurate,  timely and understandable information about the company’s  financial  condition.  We  rely  on  every  employee  to  ensure  that  all  books, records and accounts conform both to required accounting  principles and to Lenovo’s system of internal controls. We must  never conceal or falsify any Lenovo business records.  All business records and communications should be clear, truthful  and accurate. Our communications must avoid exaggeration,  guesswork and insulting remarks or characterizations of people  and companies. We should not include judgments about the law or  any potential legal liability in our communications unless we have  been authorized to do so by the Legal Department.  Business records must be retained and destroyed according to  Lenovo’s  record  retention  policy  unless  directed  differently  by  the  Legal Department.  ACCURACY OF  BUSINESS RECORDS  You tried hard to close a big sale  before the end of the quarter.  Unfortunately, the customer was on  vacation and did not accept or sign  the contract until after the quarter  had ended. Your manager wants  your team to meet its numbers and  asked you to date the paperwork  back to last quarter. Should you  do this?  A:  Definitely  not.  It  is  improper  to  record  false  sales or false dates. Dates, costs and revenues  must be recorded accurately in the proper time  period.  If  a  sale  is  not  yet  final,  it  should  not  be  recorded  as  final.  » Q.  Did you know?  Business  records  include  financial  books,  records, accounts, receipts, expense reports,  texts, emails, notes, time cards and quality,  safety and personnel records. They may even  include your posts on social media.

OUR INVESTORS | 24  In the course of our employment with Lenovo, we may learn non-  public information (also called “inside information”) about Lenovo or  other companies, including our customers, suppliers or business  partners.  In  some  cases,  if  this  confidential  information  became  public,  it  could  affect  the  price  of  Lenovo’s  or  another  company’s  stock. The use or sharing of such non-public information about  Lenovo  or  another  company  for  your  or  another’s  benefit  is  called  “insider trading.”  All Lenovo employees are prohibited from engaging in insider  trading,  even  if  you  will  not  financially  benefit  from  the  information  being shared. Engaging in insider trading can hurt Lenovo and  Lenovo’s shareholders and may also subject you to civil and  criminal penalties.  INSIDER INFORMATION  & SECURITIES TRADING  Does Lenovo’s Insider Trading  Policy apply to buying or selling  stock in other companies?  A: Yes. For example, let’s say you learn during  discussions about a new hardware purchase  that a customer plans a major expansion. If you  purchase stock in the customer’s company,  share this information with a friend or tell the  friend to buy stock in the company, it could be  insider trading.  CONTINUOUS DISCLO S URE POLICY PRACTICAL GUIDANCE ON THE OPERATION OF THE CONTINUOUS DISCLOSURE POLICY TRADING IN SECURITIES POLICY  » Q.  OUR INVESTORS | 24

OUR INVESTORS | 25  Lenovo’s management system, contracting processes and  delegations of authority are designed to provide the appropriate  controls  needed  for  Lenovo  to  run  our  business  effectively,  comply  with laws and protect Lenovo from waste, fraud and abuse.  We must keep to the limits of our authority to act on behalf of  Lenovo and must not take any action to exceed or avoid those  limits. These delegations of authority set out the rules for which  organizations and line management have authority to approve  pricing and certain other contract terms and conditions.  You are not allowed to make oral or written business commitments  outside of these processes, such as side deals. In addition, all  commitments must be visible to Lenovo Accounting to ensure the  accuracy of Lenovo’s books and records.  AUTHORITY TO MAKE  LENOVO COMMITMENTS  DELEGATION OF  AUTHORITY  POLICY  Can I split purchase orders in order  to avoid delegation of authority  limits or speed up the approval  process if I’m just trying to help the  Company operate faster?  A:  No. We must accurately record each of our  business transactions. No Lenovo entry should be  made to conceal or disguise the true nature of a  transaction regardless of your reasoning.  » Q.

OUR INVESTORS | 26  PROTECTING  COMPANY ASSETS  We have a responsibility to protect any Lenovo asset entrusted  to us from loss, damage, misuse or theft. Examples of company  assets include:  •  Physical assets like our products, facilities, equipment,  computers and communications systems  •  Financial assets such as funds, credit cards or bank accounts  •  Lenovo’s intellectual property including our trademarks,  copyrights and patents  •  Lenovo proprietary information such as trade secrets, “know  how,” prototypes, internal and external communications,  digital information, hard copy documents, oral discussions and  interactions via social media channels  •  Customer, consumer, supplier and employee personal  information  Lenovo’s physical and information security policies protect  our assets from theft, loss, damage or misuse. If there is theft, loss,  damage or misuse of company assets, we are responsible  for immediately reporting the occurrence to the Corporate  Security Department.  We must never use company assets or funds for purposes which  violate the law or applicable policies or procedures. We must not  use any Lenovo intellectual property without proper authorization.  We should never use company assets to create, store or send  content  that  is  illegal  or  which  others  might  find  offensive.  If  we  leave Lenovo for any reason, we must return all Lenovo assets.  I have a side business that has  been vetted and approved by  Lenovo management. Can I use  my Lenovo-issued computer to  complete certain tasks related to  my side business outside of my  Lenovo work hours?  A: No, you may not use Lenovo assets, including  your Lenovo-issued computer, to further outside  business ventures.  » Q.

OUR INVESTORS | 27  LENOVO INFORMATION &  COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS  Lenovo’s information and communication systems, including  telephones and connections to the Internet, are vital to Lenovo’s  business and should only be used for appropriate business-related  purposes. We may use them for conducting Lenovo business or  for other incidental purposes authorized by our management such  as occasional personal use of the telephone, email and the Internet  that does not interfere with company work. We may not use Lenovo  systems to visit Internet sites that feature sexual content, gambling or  that advocate intolerance of others. We also may not use them in a  manner that interferes with anyone’s productivity.  I sometimes send emails to my  spouse and friends to make  personal plans. May I use my  Lenovo computer to do this?  A: Yes, as long as any personal use is infrequent  and does not interfere with your or your co-  workers’ job performance. Remember, Lenovo  has the right to monitor its email systems, so you  may prefer to use your personal email for non-  work related communications.  » Q.

OUR INVESTORS | 28  DATA  PRIVACY  POLICY  PRIVACY & DATA  PROTECTION  Lenovo respects the privacy of our customers, consumers and  employees consistent with privacy and data protection laws and  Lenovo privacy policies. Our customers, consumers and others  must be able to trust that we will only collect, store, share and use  their  personal  information  for  defined  legitimate  business  purposes  and to support and enhance our relationships with them. We  do not sell our consumers’ or customers’ personal information.  We appropriately safeguard our consumers’ and customers’  information and comply with internal policies and applicable laws.  In addition, we protect and appropriately use the personal  information of our employees consistent with all legal requirements.  However, employees are advised that workspace and items  provided to us by Lenovo, including computers, email systems  and telephone voice mail, are the property of Lenovo. Therefore,  Lenovo management reserves the right to access, review the  contents  of  files,  desks  and  lockers,  and  monitor  telephone  and  computer systems, consistent with the law, this Code, and any  other applicable Lenovo policies.  If you believe that customer, consumer or employee data is being  compromised, contact the Legal Department, the ECO or make a  report using the  LenovoLine .  My team is working on launching  a new software experience for  our tablet products that will really  improve the consumer’s experience.  However, to enable that experience,  it must collect some user data,  including personal information.  How do I make sure this software  complies with Lenovo’s privacy  standards and legal requirements?  A: Protecting consumers’ privacy and security  aren’t simply legal requirements—they are part of  our Core Values of trustworthiness and integrity.  When developing, launching, marketing and  supporting our products, we must determine  how any user data collection may impact our  consumers’ privacy rights, their trust in our brand,  and our responsibilities (and those of our vendors  and partners) to appropriately use and safeguard  user data. Contact the Legal Department, the  Product Security Team or Information Security for  more information on how to make sure we are  protecting consumer privacy and security.  » Q.

OUR INVESTORS | 29  Business opportunities and inventions developed through work  belong  first  to  Lenovo,  except  as  otherwise  agreed  by  Lenovo.  Developing or helping to develop inventions or other intellectual  property, during or after work hours, that: 1) relate to Lenovo’s  existing or reasonably anticipated products or services, 2) relate  to your position at Lenovo or 3) are developed using Lenovo’s  corporate resources, are subject to the provisions of your  employee agreements. Ownership of patents remains with Lenovo  even after we leave Lenovo.  LENOVO INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY RIGHTS  INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY  POLICY

OUR INVESTORS | 30  Keeping  Lenovo’s  confidential  and  restricted  information  secret  gives us an important competitive advantage in the marketplace.  Lenovo’s  confidential  or  restricted  information  includes  information  about Lenovo that is not generally known to the public and  information that business partners, customers, suppliers and  vendors have entrusted to us.  Unauthorized  access,  disclosure,  loss  or  use  of  confidential  or  restricted information can seriously harm Lenovo, as well as  our suppliers, consumers, customers and employees. We must  safeguard sensitive information by marking it appropriately, keeping  it  secure  and  limiting  access  to  those  who  have  a  specific  need  to know to do their jobs, even within Lenovo. These obligations  continue even after employment or assignment ends. You may  not  take  paper  files  or  electronic  media  containing  confidential  and  restricted information if you leave the company for any reason.  You  may  not  make  copies  of  confidential  or  restricted  information  unless  you  are  specifically  authorized  to  do  so.  Sometimes  we  need  to  share  confidential  information  with  people  outside  the  company,  for  example,  to  work  effectively  with  a  commercial business partner. In such instances, check with your  manager before you share any information. We should make sure  a valid non-disclosure agreement is in place before we share  any information, and we should limit the information as much as  possible. Consult the applicable non-disclosure agreement and  contact your manager or the Legal Department for help.  LENOVO CONFIDENTIAL &  RESTRICTED INFORMATION  Just  as  we  protect  our  own  confidential  or  restricted  information,  Lenovo  respects  and  confidential  or  restricted  information  of  others, including our employees, consumers, customers, suppliers  and other third parties. We may only use, copy or disclose third-  party information in compliance with a valid non-disclosure  agreement.  My manager has asked me to prepare  our department’s budget, which means  that I will need to get information about  the salaries of some of my colleagues.  May I also get information about the  salaries of other coworkers in other  departments or comment to a co-  worker about his or her salary?  A: Absolutely not. While preparing a detailed  budget presents a legitimate business need  to  obtain  certain  confidential  employee  information, you must keep this information  confidential  and  share  it  only  with  those  who  have a business need to know it. You must  not use the project as an opportunity to view,  share  or  comment  on  sensitive  and  confidential  information about other employees.  » Q.

OUR INVESTORS | 31  Did you know?  Much of the information we use every day in our jobs at  Lenovo  is  confidential  and  must  be  protected.  Here  are  some examples:  •  Research and technical data  •  Business plans or strategies  •  Customer lists  •  Contracts with customers  •  Vendor or supplier internal information  •  Commodity and product volumes  •  Current projects  •  Human Resources data  •  Financial results and projections  •  Future or unreleased products (prototypes)  •  Product roadmaps and development plans  •  Undisclosed  product  specifications  •  Inventions or trade secrets  •  Information concerning potential acquisitions  •  Data collected from consumers or from active devices  in  the  field  INFORMATION  SECURITY  POLICY  CLASSIFICATION  OF LENOVO  INFORMATION  Avoid Inadvertent Disclosure—Be careful as you may disclose  non-public information and secrets without realizing it. You  could be overheard in a public place or someone could see  your computer or phone screen without your knowledge. Avoid  discussing  confidential  information  in  airplanes,  buses,  trains,  taxis, airports, restaurants, restrooms, elevators and company  common areas. Even small pieces of information may be pieced  together to form a complete picture.  Employees attending conferences, symposiums and industry  events should use caution when interacting with industry  colleagues. Even sharing information with family and friends on  projects  and  assignments  may  present  a  breach  of  confidentiality.

THE MARKETPLACE | 32  THE  MARKETPLACE  Our relationships with suppliers, customer and others must be  based entirely on sound business decisions and fair dealing.  Business gifts, entertainment and corporate hospitality can help  build relationships, but they can also make it harder to be objective  about the person or company providing them. We may never:  •  Solicit,  offer,  accept  or  provide  any  gifts,  entertainment,  corporate hospitality or travel if it will obligate or appear to  obligate the person who receives it.  •  Solicit,  offer,  accept  or  provide  to  anyone  cash  or  cash  equivalents, lavish or frequent gifts or entertainment, or  anything that might look like a bribe.  •  Provide or accept sexually-oriented gifts or entertainment.  GIFTS, ENTERTAINMENT,  CORPORATE HOSPITALITY  & TRAVEL  GIFT, ENTERTAINMENT,  CORPORATE HOSPITALITY  AND TRAVEL  POLICY  THE MARKETPLACE | 32

THE MARKETPLACE | 33  Lenovo employees, consultants or contractors may not  offer  gifts  to,  or  receive  gifts  from,  our  suppliers,  customers  or other business-related entities unless all of the following  four conditions as well as the conditions of the Global Gift,  Entertainment, Corporate Hospitality and Travel Policy are met:  GIVING &  RECEIVING GIFTS  1.  Moderate value. This value varies by country. An  inexpensive courtesy gift such as a promotional  item has a “moderate value” anywhere. Check the  Global Gift, Entertainment, Corporate Hospitality and  Travel Policy or contact the ECO for guidance on what  gifts may be accepted or provided.  2.  Customary and appropriate. The item is considered  a customary and appropriate business gift in the  country  where  it  is  offered  and  offering  or  accepting  it  would  not  reflect  poorly  on  Lenovo  if  the  details  were  made public.  3.  No  favored  treatment.  The  gift  is  not  offered  in  expectation of special or favored treatment.  4.  Legal  and  approved.  Offering  or  accepting  the  gift  is legal in the location and under the circumstances  where given and does not violate the policies of the  giver or the recipient, and the giver and the recipient  have both received the appropriate approval to accept  the gift.

THE MARKETPLACE | 34  With appropriate approval, you may give or accept customary  entertainment or business courtesies, such as meals, provided  the expenses are reasonable and are not prohibited by law or by  either party’s policies or standards of conduct. You must receive  pre-approval from your manager before accepting any travel from  or providing any travel to any customers, suppliers, vendors or  other third parties.  ENTERTAINMENT  & TRAVEL  One of our suppliers that is  currently negotiating the renewal of  a large contract with Lenovo has  offered  me  two  tickets  to  the  World  Cup. Can I accept them?  A:  It depends. In this situation, it could be  perceived  that  the  tickets  were  offered  as  a  bribe  to secure the outcome of the contract renewal,  so you should not accept the tickets. If we were  not in the middle of negotiations with the supplier,  we should seek out approval from our direct  manager before accepting the tickets. Gifts or  entertainment above certain limits may also have  additional approvals required. Consult the Global  Gift, Entertainment, Corporate Hospitality and  Travel Policy or contact the ECO for guidance.  » Q.  THE MARKETPLACE | 34

THE MARKETPLACE | 35  PROVIDING GIFTS, ENTERTAINMENT  OR TRAVEL TO GOVERNMENT  OFFICIALS OR EMPLOYEES  If  you  are  offered  cash  or  cash  equivalents,  or  a  gift  that  has  more  than  nominal  value  or  which  is  not  customarily  offered  to  others,  tell your manager immediately. Appropriate arrangements will be  made to return or dispose of what has been received and the  supplier or customer will be reminded of Lenovo’s gift policy.  “Gifts” can be anything of value, including tangible items, services,  meals, entertainment, hospitality, transportation, use of vacation  facilities, home improvements, membership fees or dues, tickets,  internships,  discounts,  charitable  donations,  offers  of  employment  and  gift  certificates.  The  list  of  things  that  might  be  considered  a gift is endless. An extravagant or expensive gift or extravagant  entertainment  should  not  be  accepted,  regardless  of  the  effect  it  will have on your business judgment. Consult your manager, the  ECO or the Legal Department with questions.  Laws concerning providing gifts, hospitality and travel to  government  officials  (which  include  executives  and  employees  of  government-owned corporations, newspapers, television stations,  universities  and  other  entities  affiliated  with  governments,  and  public  international organizations like the U.N.) are complex and can vary  from country to country. In many cases, it is illegal and improper to  provide  gifts  to  government  officials.  We  need  to  take  special  care  in this highly regulated area, as Lenovo wishes to avoid even the  appearance of impropriety. No gift or business courtesy may be  provided  to  a  government  official  or  employee  unless  the  four  conditions on page 33 are met and only if allowed under the  Lenovo Global Gift, Entertainment, Corporate Hospitality and Travel  Policy.  Contact  the  ECO,  the  Legal  Department  or  Government  Affairs  for  guidance about the rules that apply in your area.  I

THE MARKETPLACE | 36  A government employee suggested  that he would strongly encourage  his employer to award us a contract  if a “donation” is made to one of his  manager’s favorite charities. What  should I do?  A: Do not agree to the request as it is most likely  a request for a bribe. Any suggestion or request  for  funds  that  is  not  defined  for  an  appropriate  business purpose, including charitable donations,  may be used improperly as a bribe. End the  conversation and immediately report the matter to  ECO or the Legal Department.  My manager wants to give a  gift  to  an  official  who  participated  in an event at our factory. Is  that acceptable?  A: It depends on the gift. In some cases, you may  provide a gift of nominal value, such as a token  with  the  Lenovo  logo  to  an  official,  but  you  must  make sure that any gifts comply with Lenovo’s  Code of Conduct and Gift, Entertainment,  Corporate Hospitality and Travel policy. We must  be very careful in this area as gifts to government  employees/officials  create  a  high  risk  for  the  company and may be seen as a bribe.  ANTI-CORRUPTION  & ANTI-BRIBERY  POLICY  ANTI-CORRUPTION LAWS  & BRIBERY  We comply with the anti-corruption treaties and laws of the countries  in  which  we  do  business.  We  will  not  directly  or  indirectly  offer  or  give  anything  of  value  to  any  person,  including  to  government  officials,  to  influence  official  action  or  to  secure  an  improper  advantage  as  defined  by  applicable  laws.  “Government  officials”  include  any  government  employee;  candidate  for  public  office;  or  employee  of  government-  owned or controlled companies, public international organizations or  political parties. Anything of value includes cash or cash equivalents,  gifts,  meals,  travel,  political  or  charitable  contributions  and  job  offers  for  government  officials’  relatives.  These  requirements  apply  both  to  Lenovo employees and representatives and to our channel partners,  agents or other third parties working on Lenovo’s behalf no matter  where they are doing business.  No  Lenovo  employee  or  representative  will  suffer  any  retaliation  for  refusing to pay or take a bribe or kickback, even if this results in a loss  of business to Lenovo.  Lenovo prohibits making any direct payments of any size to  government  officials,  either  directly  or  through  a  third  party,  including  to expedite routine non-discretionary government actions including  processing visas; obtaining permits and licenses; providing police  protection or mail service; or scheduling inspections associated with  contract performance. These types of payments are sometimes  referred to as “facilitating” or “grease” payments.  » Q.  » Q.

THE MARKETPLACE | 37  Many governments around the world have laws, regulations and  contractual requirements that apply to the purchase of products  from private suppliers like Lenovo. These laws are intended to  ensure that governmental entities can buy products and services  at competitive prices and to protect against attempts to improperly  influence  the  bid  process.  Lenovo  must  comply  with  all  applicable  procurement laws, rules and contractual requirements when selling  products to government entities—which may include schools,  hospitals and other entities in addition to government agencies.  Be familiar with local laws, regulations and Lenovo guidelines  applicable to government sales in your geography. If you need  guidance, consult the Legal Department.  GOVERNMENT  CUSTOMERS  I am told that government  approvals cannot be obtained in  some countries without making a  payment  to  a  government  official.  Is it permissible to hire a consultant  to help with government approvals,  and simply not ask him where the  money goes?  A: No. There is nothing improper about using  consultants but the law prohibits bribery  payments made directly or indirectly. You cannot  allow third parties to make improper payments  for Lenovo, and you should always know what a  consultant is doing on Lenovo’s behalf.  » Q.  THE MARKETPLACE | 37

THE MARKETPLACE | 38  PRODUCT &  QUALITY SERVICE  Lenovo is committed to quality and achieving consumer  satisfaction by delivering superior products and experiences.  REPRESENTATIONS REGARDING LENOVO PRODUCTS  We must ensure that all representations we or our agents make about Lenovo products and services, such as about speed, battery life and durability are truthful and accurate. This includes representations made in marketing or product literature, verbally, on the Internet, in social media or sales presentations. We must never make deliberately misleading or false claims about Lenovo’s or our competitors’ products, and when commenting about our products on social media ,  w e should never misrepresent our affiliation with Lenovo, and where required by law, we should disclose that we are employees of Lenovo.  PRODUCT  QUALITY  POLICY

THE MARKETPLACE | 39  TREATING OUR  BUSINESS PARTNERS  WITH INTEGRITY  We treat consumers, customers, competitors and suppliers fairly  in  all  of  our  activities.  We  will  not  manipulate  or  abuse  confidential  information. We base our decisions on legitimate business-related  criteria, not on personal relationships or interests. In deciding  among competing suppliers of any size, we should weigh the  facts honestly and impartially and follow Lenovo’s procurement  process. We seek to do business with organizations that comply  with applicable laws and follow principles consistent with the ones  in this Code.

THE MARKETPLACE | 40  EXTERNAL  COMMUNICATIONS/  MEDIA RELATIONS  SOCIAL  MEDIA  GUIDELINES  We will not make statements to the news media on Lenovo’s  behalf, or provide company information to outside parties, without  authorization. Good judgment and common sense must always  be used when posting on social media outlets. Remember, once  a statement is posted, it cannot be retracted. Consider how the  public will view your comments. Review Lenovo’s Social Media  Guidelines on lenovocentral.com. Contact the Legal Department or  Corporate Communications with questions.  •  Communications with journalists and the media are  only managed by Lenovo Communications.  •  Communications  with  securities  or  financial  analysts  and with shareholders are only managed by Lenovo  Investor Relations.  •  Communications with outside lawyers and law  enforcement are only managed by Lenovo’s Legal  Department or Corporate Security.

THE MARKETPLACE | 41  » Q.  While we can gather information available in the general marketplace,  we may not use any illegal or improper means to acquire a  competitor’s  trade  secrets  or  other  confidential  or  competitive  information. Improper solicitation or intelligence-gathering could  subject you or Lenovo to civil and criminal legal penalties. Employees  joining Lenovo after having worked for any other company may not  share  any  of  the  other  company’s  trade  secrets  or  other  confidential  information with Lenovo.  If we obtain information that may constitute a trade secret or  confidential  information  of  another  business,  even  by  mistake,  or  if  we  have questions about the legality of information gathering, we must  consult the ECO or the Legal Department.  Materials we use every day are protected by copyright law, including  software,  books,  audio  and  video  files,  trade  journals  and  magazines.  At Lenovo, we respect and work to protect others’ copyrights and  do not copy, alter or distribute copyrighted material without the  permission of the copyright owner. If you acquire software for your  personal use, do not copy any part of such software in any work you  do for Lenovo, nor should we place such software on any Lenovo-  owned computer system or other Lenovo property.  PROTECTING INFORMATION  & INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY  BELONGING TO OTHERS  Lenovo just hired a sales manager  from one of our competitors. He  knows their product and sales road  map for the next year. If he shares  this information, can we adjust our  plan to compete accordingly?  A: No. We may not ask new employees to share  confidential  information  belonging  to  their  previous  employer, and they certainly should not provide it.  INTELLECTUAL  PROPERTY  POLICY

THE MARKETPLACE | 42  COMPETITION  POLICY  As a global corporate citizen, Lenovo is responsible for complying  with what are called “antitrust” or “competition” laws. Under these  laws, agreements among competitors that restrict trade or price  competition are illegal.  Lenovo employees must maintain independence of judgment and  action in designing, producing, pricing and selling our products  and services and must avoid even the appearance of colluding or  making an agreement with a competitor. Local laws may vary, but  the following principles apply everywhere Lenovo does business.  FAIR COMPETITION  Do not make agreements with competitors  No employee should enter into an agreement or discussion with  any competitor that would set prices, limit the availability on  the market of goods or services or agree to boycott a customer  or supplier.  Avoid sharing competitively sensitive information  Employees should not discuss any competitive information with a  competitor including: prices or discounts; terms of sale including  credit,  profits,  profit  margins  or  costs;  allocation  of  customers  or  markets; boycotts; customers; suppliers; market share; distribution  practices; bids or intents to bid; sales territories or markets;  selection,  classification,  rejection  or  termination  of  customers.  Do not make false or deceptive comments regarding  competitors  We must ensure that our statements about Lenovo’s competitors  are based upon current, accurate, complete and relevant  data. To avoid even the appearance of impropriety, we do not  comment  on  another  company’s  business  reputation  or  financial  or legal problems.  Be careful when entering pricing agreements with resellers  Setting  or  attempting  to  influence  resellers’  prices  or  margins  may  violate competition laws. Seek advice from the Legal Department  for  guidance  specific  to  your  region.  If  you  have  questions  with  regard to any of these guidelines contact the Legal Department.  At a recent conference, I met an old  friend who is now vice president for a  competitor. During the conversation,  he volunteered some information  about their pricing strategy and future  pricing trends. I quickly told him this  was an inappropriate conversation and  walked away, and then left a voicemail  for my contact in the Lenovo Legal  Department. Was I overreacting?  A:  You  did  the  right  thing.  If  you  find  yourself  in  a  meeting where competitors are discussing pricing  strategy, you should leave immediately and contact  the Legal Department immediately about what  happened. Even if you don’t use the information,  there may be a perception that you are participating  in activities prohibited by competition laws, which  can create legal issues for you or Lenovo.  » Q.  THE MARKETPLACE | 42

THE MARKETPLACE | 43  IMPORT & EXPORT  CONTROLS  We comply with all applicable import and export laws, regulations,  and restrictions. Import and export laws apply to:  •  Products, services, information, technology, payments  for goods or services, countries or third parties (including  people) we do business with.  •  Technical data relating to the design, production and use of  products or services.  When we travel internationally on company business, we, and the  items we carry with us, are subject to laws governing what we import  and export. Employees are responsible for knowing the laws that  pertain to them. When in doubt, employees should contact Global  Trade Regulation in the Legal Department.  A supplier has asked me to put a  low value on a shipping invoice so  that the supplier doesn’t have to  pay duties. Since we didn’t buy the  equipment and Lenovo won’t be  the importer, does it matter what  value is used?  A: You must always list the accurate values on  any documents or records, including shipping  invoices. You must never falsify invoices for any  reason, including lowering or circumventing  customs’ duties, fees or charges or for expediting  transit times. If you have questions about what to  do, contact Global Trade Regulation in the Legal  Department.  If an employee carries a product  in his briefcase to deliver  to another Lenovo employee  in another country, does that  mean the product will be  “imported” and does it require  special consideration?  A: Yes, any product that is not for your personal  use is subject to the relevant import/export  requirements and procedures. Seek guidance  from Global Trade Regulation in the Legal  Department.  » Q.  » Q.  THE MARKETPLACE | 43

COMMUNITY & SOCIETY | 44  COMMUNITY  & SOCIETY  We are committed to promoting and maintaining environmentally  responsible manufacturing and other business practices for  the  benefit  of  our  customers,  consumers,  employees  and  the communities in which we operate. We strive for continual  improvement  by  developing  specific  programs  that  address  the  environmental cost and impact of our activities, products  and services.  THE ENVIRONMENT  ENVIRONMENTAL  AFFAIRS  POLICY  LENOVO  SUSTAINABILITY  REPORTS  COMMUNITY & SOCIETY | 44

COMMUNITY & SOCIETY | 45  POLITICAL PROCESS  As a global business, Lenovo maintains good relationships with  governments around the world and strives to be a good corporate  citizen everywhere we operate. Lenovo Government Relations is  responsible for coordinating Lenovo’s communications, lobbying  and  other  interactions  with  government  officials  and  policy  makers.  Lenovo employees should not lobby, communicate with public  officials  on  policy  matters,  make  political  contributions,  provide  equipment or services or engage in political activities on Lenovo’s  behalf except in accordance with applicable law or policy and in  coordination with Lenovo Government Relations. Of course, you  may participate in political activities on an individual basis, with  your own resources, and on your own time.  For additional information or guidance, please contact the Legal  Department or Government Relations.  GOVERNMENT RELATIONS, POLITICAL  CONTRIBUTIONS,  AND PARTICIPATION IN POLITICS

COMMUNITY & SOCIETY | 46  Lenovo is committed to respecting human rights and conducting  business legally, ethically and with integrity. As part of this  commitment, Lenovo operates with respect to the universal human  rights  identified  in  the  UN  Declaration  on  Human  Rights  and  in  accordance with the UN Global Compact. Lenovo does not permit  the use of child labor, forced labor or physical punishment in any  Lenovo operations.  COMMITMENT TO  HUMAN RIGHTS  Money laundering is a process designed to conceal an illegal  source of money to make it appear legitimate. Lenovo will not  directly or indirectly participate in such practices. Use good  judgment when dealing with customers or business partners, and  immediately report any unusual or suspicious activities including  large payments in cash, arrangements for payment to be made by  someone not involved in the transaction and payments made from  unusual  sources  and  in  different  currencies  than  those  provided  for in a contract. Direct any questions or concerns to the ECO or  Legal Department.  ANTI-MONEY  LAUNDERING  HUMAN RIGHTS  POLICY

COMMUNITY & SOCIETY | 47  We are proud of Lenovo’s contributions to the quality of life and culture  as well as the economic and social development of the communities  where we do business. Lenovo encourages each of our facilities  to become actively involved in their community by sponsoring and  participating in initiatives that contribute to a better quality of life.  Lenovo strongly encourages our employees to support this goal  by volunteering and participating in charitable and community  activities as well as professional development associations.  When engaging in community activities, we may encounter  situations covered by the Code. For example, we should follow  the  guidance  regarding  “conflicts  of  interests”  and  may  not  use  Lenovo resources for any outside activities without permission.  When we participate in an activity that Lenovo does not sponsor,  we should not imply the company’s support without the  appropriate authorization.  COMMITMENT TO  COMMUNITY  A large charitable organization  recently purchased some  computers from Lenovo. As the  sales manager, can I show my  appreciation by making a donation  from my sales budget?  A: Charitable contributions that are linked to  sales or potential sales could hurt Lenovo’s  reputation and are improper. Lenovo’s charitable  contributions should be determined based on the  organization’s need, Lenovo’s ability to help and  a number of other factors. For further guidance,  contact the Government Relations Department,  Legal Department or ECO.  » Q.

COMMUNITY & SOCIETY | 48  WHERE TO GO  FOR HELP  We work hard to foster an environment of open, honest  communication. If you have a concern related to the Code or  about a legal, compliance or business conduct issue, you have  several options. What matters most is that you ask the question  or  raise  the  concern.  Confidentiality  will  be  maintained  to  the  extent possible, given the company’s need to investigate and  resolve the issue raised and to comply with the law. You can  speak with:  •  Your  manager  (or  another  manager  you  trust)  •  The  Lenovo  ECO  (ethics@lenovo.com)  •  Human  Resources  •  Lenovo  Legal  Department  •  Lenovo  Internal  Audit  •  The  LenovoLine  •  In  China,  you  can  report  misconduct  to  Lenovo’s  Independent Commi ssion  Against Corruption  (ICAC@lenovo.com)  NO RETALIATION  If you seek advice, raise a concern relating to a potential  compliance issue, or report suspected misconduct in good  faith, you are doing the right thing. We strongly encourage  such actions. Lenovo will not tolerate retaliation against  you. Anyone engaging in retaliation will be subject to  disciplinary action including termination of employment.


</Manufacturing_China_Lenovo_2021.pdf>