This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Manufactoring_Korea_POSCO Future M_2025.pdf>

윤리규범  실천기준  및  실천지침  (Code of Ethics)  Last revision on  '2 5. 10. 31 .  Enacted on  ’04. 06. 01.  Rev.  28  Document No.  PCR - O - 101  Managed by  Business Ethics Risk Management Bureau  R eviewed by  H ead of  Corporate Audit Group  A pproved by  Director of Corporate  Audit  Office  Ⅰ .  C ode of Ethics  … 2  Ⅱ .  Code of Ethics  Practice Guidelines  …  11

2  C ode of Ethics

3  I.  Ethics Charter  POSCO Group aspires to become a trusted  and respected enterprise by deeply understanding  that ethical management is the greatest value we must uphold in order to co - exist and co -  prosper with our many stakeholders as a member of society.  Members of the POSCO family 1  must comply with laws and ethics based on the ethical  management philosophy of  “ doing the right thing in the right way, ”  while also seeking to  achieve Integrity, Respect, and M utual Empathy and establishing an ethical corporate culture  in business activiti es that cover all the basics and comply with the rules.  At the employee level, we must pursue individual growth and company success by achieving a  work - life balance, and create a positive work environment by establishing a corporate culture  of mutual respe ct.  We must fulfill our duty to respect everyone as human beings and to  respect the human rights universally pursued by human society.  For our customers, we must understand that our future depends on customer trust and  success.  We must respect the custome r voice at all times and create value that promotes customer  prosperity.  For our shareholders, we must enhance shareholder value by making fair profits through  transparent decision making and efficient business activity.  With our business partners, we must  establish a fair trading system based on mutual trust  and strengthen our corporate ecosystem in which we co - exist with our business partners  through mutual growth.  At the community level, we must contribute to the development of society by fulfilling our  duties and obligations. We must be deeply aware of the importance of environmental issues  and do our best to protect the environment in all of our business activities.  POSCO family members must always be aware of the fact that our actions are directly  link ed to our self - respect as well as  corporate value  and reputation. We pledge to comply  with the Code of Conduct and to ensure that ethics and integrity are at the heart of our  culture and business operations.  July 2024  1  All employees of POSCO Holdings and its subsidiaries

4  Ethical Principles  1. Roles and re sponsibilities of all employees  ▪  We comply with relevant laws and company regulations and guidelines anywhere in  the world where  POSCO Future - M  conducts business.  ▪  We endeavor to maintain our dignity as employees and protect our corporate  reputation.  ▪  We make our best efforts to establish an ethical culture by taking responsibility for  practicing ethical behavior.  ▪  We report to or consult an authority figure or the department in charge of ethical  management 2  immediately upon becoming aware of the fac t that a situation faced or  an action performed by us or another person violates or is likely to violate the Code of  Ethics.  ▪  We fully cooperate with investigations conducted by the department in charge of  ethical management regarding matters that are lik ely to violate the Code of Ethics.  ▪  We do not retaliate against  informants  or individuals who participate in an  investigation in relation to Code of Ethics violations.  ▪  We are aware of the fact that by violating the Code of Ethics, soliciting another  per son to violate the Code of Ethics, failing to report a Code of Ethics violation or  cooperate with an investigation, or taking retaliatory action against a n informant  or  individual participating in an investigation, we may become subject to disciplinary  act ion as appropriate.  In particular, we are aware that there is zero tolerance for the  four major ethical  violations 3 : acceptance of bribery, misappropriation, fabrication of information, and  sexual misconduct.  2  In accordance with guidelines on roles and responsibilities  3  Acceptance of bribery : Accepting money or goods beyond a socially acceptable amount from a stakeholder  Misappropriation : Taking unlawful possession of company funds or assets  Fabrication of information : Falsifying, concealing, or distributing business - related information in a manner  that contradicts the truth  Sexual misconduct :  Conduct that causes distres s through sexual harassment or sexual assault

5  2. Special responsibilities of executives  and authority figures  Executives and authority figures have the responsibility to set an example of ethical  compliance and prevent ethical misconduct among staff members. To this end, they must  be aware of the following principles and put them to practice :  ▪  When the company ’ s profits and ethics are in conflict, you have a duty to prioritize  ethics in your operational and administrative decision making.  ▪  You must exemplify ethical conduct in your work and fulfill your duty as an internal  and external role model.  ▪  You must train and guide staff members to understand the provisions of the Code of  Ethics and Practice Guidelines and the importance of compli ance.  ▪  You must routinely examine your teams for ethical misconduct and proactively  prevent unethical behavior that is likely to occur by identifying the causes, improving  processes, and taking other measures.  ▪  You must foster an organizational atmosph ere that promotes and supports ethically  correct behavior where staff members can speak up without worrying about adverse  action.  ▪  You must report to or consult the department in charge of ethical management  immediately upon becoming aware of the fact th at a staff member has violated the  Code of Ethics.  ▪  You have unlimited liability for any ethical misconduct you have engaged in, and  supervisory liability for the ethical misconduct of a subordinate employee.

6  II.  Code of Conduct  1.  Compliance with basic  ethics and relevant laws  We do not seek personal gain.  ▪  We do not put work - related pressure, issue instructions, or solicit favors  that conflict  with  company interests in order to seek personal gain or undue gain for another  person.  ▪  All company funds and assets must only be used for work - related purposes and  cannot be used to promote personal interests in any manner.  ▪  We respect the political rights and preferences of individuals while maintaining the  political neutrality of the wo rkplace. We do not use company funds, personnel,  facilities, etc. for political purposes.  We protect company information and assets.  ▪  We understand the importance of the company ’ s confidential information and  intellectual property and keep them well prot ected.  ▪  We do not distort information or distribute false information.  We practice fair competition and trading.  ▪  We establish fair and transparent trading procedures in accordance with  international standards and national fair trade laws.  To maintain a fair trading  system, we comply with domestic and foreign anti - corruption laws and standards  including the UN Convention Against Corruption,  the  FCPA,  the  Act on Combating  Bribery of Foreign Public Officials in International Business Transact ions, and  the  Improper Solicitation and Graft Act.  ▪  We do not force business partners or suppliers to agree to unreasonable working  conditions or engage in disadvantageous activities.

7  2.  Developing a culture of trust and human respect  We foster a  wholesome organizational culture.  ▪  We pursue both personal growth and company success by achieving a work - life  balance.  ▪  Employees create an organizational atmosphere of mutual cooperation through open  communication based on trust.  We provide equal  opportunities.  ▪  We provide equal employment opportunities to all individuals with the required skills  and qualifications.  ▪  We provide equal opportunities for skill development and self - improvement.  Individuals are remunerated in an appropriate manner bas ed on fair evaluations of  their skills and achievements.  ▪  We foster a wholesome organizational atmosphere that celebrates employees who  create meaningful outcomes regardless of their regional, academic, or other  background.  We protect and respect human  rights.  ▪  We support the Universal Declaration of Human Rights,  the  UN Guiding Principles  on Business and Human Rights,  the  UN Global Compact,  the  OECD Guidelines for  Multinational Enterprises, and other internationally recognized human rights  standards. W e endeavor to avoid infringing human rights in the process of conducting  business activities.  ▪  We respect each employee as an individual. We do not engage in acts that may defame  an employee or undermine human dignity such as verbal or physical abuse, bul lying,  and intimidation.  ▪  We ensure proper working conditions by maintaining reasonable working hours and  ensuring that no work is performed involuntarily by emotional or physical force.

8  ▪  We do not discriminate against individuals  on the grounds of  ethn icity, nationality,  gender, age, academic background, religion, regional background, disability, marital  status, or sexual identity.  3.  Realizing  customer value  We commit to customer satisfaction.  ▪  We listen  to  and respect customer voice.  ▪  We welcome  our customer ’ s  valid requests and thoughtful suggestions ,  and prioritize  to  incorporat e  them  to our  business  activities.  We create customer value.  ▪  We  fulfill customer needs and expectations  by providing the best products through  technological advancemen t.  ▪  We respect  our customer ’ s  culture and customs.  We build customer trust .  ▪  Customer safety and well - being are given utmost consideration in our business  activities. Products or services that may pose a threat to safety and health are not  offered.  ▪  We protect customer information and provide customers with accurate and timely  information.  4.  Good faith towards investors  We fulfill our obligations to investors.

9  ▪  We strive to increase corporate value and shareholder value at the same time by  creating profit through transparent decision making and efficient business activities.  ▪  We respect shareholder ’ s  fair suggestions  and endeavor to build mutual trust.  We comm unicat e transparently  with investors.  ▪  We provide key business information in a timely, fair, and faithful manner to facilitate  investor decision making.  ▪  Our financial information is calculated through suitable processes and controls based  on accurate transaction figures. All financial documents are  prepared in accordance  with  “ Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. ”  5.  Co - prosperity with suppliers  We  build mutual trust with suppliers.  ▪  We ensure fairness in our dealings with our suppliers through mutual respect and  equal partnerships.  ▪  Vendors are required to demonstrate a sense of responsibility before they  are  chosen  as a supplier. We support our suppliers to maintain compliance with laws and  regulations associated with workplace safety, employee human rights, and fair trade.  We pursue co - prosperity with suppliers.  ▪  We seek mutual gain s  by sharing our outcome s with our suppliers.  ▪  We support our suppliers to provide high quality products and services through  effective communication and mutual cooperation.  ▪  We aim to develop partnerships with our suppliers by providing fair opportunities  and ensuring equitabl e terms of trade.

10  6.  Social and environmental responsibility  We contribute to the development of the nation and society.  ▪  We strive to create and maintain stable jobs and  to fulfill  tax obligations.  ▪  We actively participate in volunt eering , disaster  relief, and other activities to serve  the community. We contribute to the sound development of society through our pro  bono involvement in such fields as culture, arts, sports, and academia.  ▪  We endeavor to build community trust in our company by providin g support to  improve the quality of life of local residents and strengthen the joys of life.  We commit to environmental protection and ecosystem conservation.  ▪  We are deeply aware of the importance of environmental issues. We comply with  domestic and foreign environment - related laws and strive to improve the  environmental impact at all stages of the product life cycle including development,  production, and use.  ▪  We do our best to minimize pollutant emissions by introducing environmentally  friendly production processes and  by  adopting the best available technologies to  prevent environmental pollution.  ▪  We endeavor to restore natural ecosystem s  and conserve biodi versity by making  efficient use of natural resources and byproducts.

11  Code of Ethics  Practice Guidelines

12  Chapter  1. General Provisions  Article  1 (Purpose)  The purpose of these Practice Guidelines is to provide a frame of reference for  making decisions and taking action in ethical dilemma situations that may arise  during the course of work so that  POSCO  F uture - M  employees understand and  apply the Code of Ethi cs correctly.  Article  2 (Scope)  These Guidelines apply to the Company and all employees.  Article  3 (Principle of Application)  Employees  shall make decisions and take action based on the Code of Ethics and  these Practice Guidelines when faced with an  ethical dilemma situation in relation to  work.  However, if a frame of reference is not clearly prescribed herein, employees shall  make decisions and take action according to the following decision - making  principles. Employees who are not confident in their  judgment shall consult the leader  of the organization or the  department in charge of ethical management 4  and act  accordingly.  <Decision - making Principles>  •  Lawfulness : Is my action likely to be interpreted as a violation of the law, rules,  regulations o r company Codes?  •  Transparency : Can I disclose my decision - making process and the relevant  details?  •  Rationality : Am I making the best possible choice for the company and individuals?  1  In accordance with guidelines on roles and responsibilities

13  Chapter  2. The Code of Ethics in Practice  Article  4 Restrictions on the provision and acceptance of valuables  -  “ Valuables ”  means money (cash, gift certificates, vouchers, etc.), goods, and  other articles that may  bring about financial gain.  -  Valuables shall not be provided to or solicited or accepted f rom  stakeholders 5  for  any reason. However, exceptions shall be made in the following circumstances:    Marketing or promotional gifts valued at or less than KRW 50,000  or up to KRW 150,000 for agricultural, marine, and processed goods (including  ornamental  plants)    Memorabilia bearing the company logo of a stakeholder and memorabilia  routinely offered to attendees at stakeholder - organized events, not exceeding  KRW 50,000    No employee shall solicit or accept, from the same individual, any money,  goods,  or other valuables exceeding KRW 50,000 per occurrence or KRW  300,000 in aggregate within a calendar year.  -  Employees shall not solicit or accept gifts from foreign entities during international  business trips.  -  Valuables that are unanticipated and  accepted due to unavoidable circumstances  shall be returned, or if this is impracticable, report to the  department in charge of  ethical management .  -  Employees who earn income (e.g., lecture fees) from external speaking  opportunities using his/her work - rel ated knowledge or position at  POSCO Future -  M  shall donate 50% of the earnings.  5  Stakeholder : Employees or clients, suppliers, enterprises, business partners, domestic or forei  gn public institutions, and international organizat ions (including affiliated employe  es) that may directly or indirectly affect or be affected by rights and interests in  relation to one ’ s duties

14  Article  5 Principles and restrictions concerning hospitality  -  “ Hospitality ”  means various activities that facilitate business - related gatherings  and interactions, such as  me als, social drinks, golf, performances, and  entertainment.  -  Hospitality in excess of KRW 100,000 per person shall not be offered to or  accepted from stakeholders.  If it is necessary to offer or accept hospitality in  excess of KRW 100,000 per person in rel ation to work, prior approval shall be  obtained from the head of the department .  Hospitality in excess of KRW 100,000  per person that has been offered or accepted due to unavoidable circumstances  shall be reported to the  department in charge of ethical man agement .  -  Food worth up  to KRW 50,000 per  person may be provided to public officials,  journalists, teachers, and other persons subject to the Improper Solicitation and  Graft Act to facilitate work execution or for social, ceremonial, or other legitimate  purposes.  -  Hospitality at an entertainment and drinks venue that offers services of a sexual  nature is prohibited  regardless of cost.  Article  6  Principles and restrictions concerning convenience  -  “ Convenience ”  means benefits such as transportation, acco mmodation facilities,  sightseeing, event support, etc.  provided by or to a stakeholder.  -  The provision or acceptance of transportation, accommodation facilities, or other  convenience beyond a  generally acceptable level 6  is prohibited. However, this  shall  not include conveniences routinely provided to all attendees at an event,  etc.  -  A convenience in excess of the permitted range that has been offered or accepted  due to unavoidable circumstances shall be reported to the  department in charge  of ethical mana gement .  6  “ Generally acceptable level ”  means a level that satisfies the following requirements:  ①  The benefit is at an  acceptable level based on reasonable common sense and social norms, is  justifiable when disclosed, in no way affects the fair handling of affairs, and does not pose a  burden on either  party.  ②  The benefit is appropriate not only in terms of cost but also wit h respect to the location, purpose,  method, count, frequency, timing, recipient, content, and social ethics and conventions (customs).  ③  There is no reciprocity regardless of amount.  ④  The benefit complies with the Improper Solicitation and Graft Act and other  relevant domestic and  foreign laws. In the event of a conflict in the interpretation of laws, the higher - order law shall take  precedence.  ⑤  The generally acceptable level may vary depending on factors such as the exact circumstances,  nature of the work, and  job position.

15  Article  7  Principles and restrictions concerning congratulatory and  condolence money  -  Employees shall not notify stakeholders of their own family events or those of their  colleagues. Informing a stakeholder through a third party shall be construed  as a  notification made by the employee concerned.  -  However,  employees may inform each other of their family events. Use of the  Company's congratulations and condolences channel is advised. For the purpose  of family event announcements, the scope of relat ives shall be limited to  immediate family members, namely the parents (or grandparents if the parents  are already deceased) and children of employees and their spouses.  Congratulations and condolence money between employees shall be at a  generally acceptab le level.  -  The maximum limit for congratulations or condolence money paid to an external  stakeholder shall be KRW 100,000, including floral wreaths or arrangements.  However, congratulations or condolence money paid to a person subject to the  Improper Soli citation and Graft Act shall not exceed KRW 50,000, excluding floral  wreaths or arrangements.  -  Congratulations and condolence money from external stakeholders shall not be  accepted under any circumstance. Congratulations or condolence money that  has been accepted due to unavoidable circumstances shall be returned or  donated to the  department in ch arge of ethical management.  -  Employees shall submit the relevant information, such as proof of return of  congratulations or condolence money accepted from a stakeholder, when  requested by the  department in charge of ethical management .  -  Condolence flower s from stakeholders shall not be accepted, and those that are  accepted due to unavoidable circumstances shall not be displayed.  Article  8  Restrictions concerning solicitations and recommendations  -  Employees shall not make solicitations or recommendations  through an internal  acquaintance or  an  external party regarding the following. If an employee has  received a solicitation or recommendation, he/she shall register it in the  “ Clean  System. ”    Requests for preferential treatment regarding various contracts, such as  equipment/materials purchases    Requests for favorable and preferential treatment regarding personnel  decisions such as hiring, promotions, rewards and punishments, and transfer  of p ositions

16    Requests for excessive convenience, preferential treatment, etc. outside of  usual procedures    Requests to neglect management and supervision tasks such as inspections  and tests  -  Employees shall not unlawfully solicit favors  directly or through  a third party in  relation to duties subject to the Improper Solicitation and Graft Act.  Article  9  Restrictions concerning monetary transactions  -  Employees shall not engage in cash loans, loan guarantees, name lending, or  other monetary transactions wit h stakeholders.  -  An employee who has engaged in a monetary transaction with a stakeholder due  to a personal connection shall report it to the  department in charge of ethical  management .  Article  10  Restrictions concerning event sponsorship  -  Sponsorships from stakeholders shall not be accepted for  events funded by the  Company, such as department events or club activities.  -  The acceptance of vehicles, venues, services, or other conveniences required for  an event shall be construed as acceptanc e of sponsorship s .  -  A sponsorship that has been accepted due to unavoidable circumstances shall be  reported to the  department in charge of ethical management .  Article  11  Principles concerning the use and protection of Company assets  -  The Company's  budget resources, such as meeting expenses and operating  expenses, shall be used as intended by the budget and in accordance with legal  requirements, and shall not be used for personal purposes.  -  As a general rule, business expenses shall be paid  with  a C ompany card.  -  In addition to the budget, all tangible and intangible assets, including Company  supplies and facilities, shall be used for work - related purposes only. Ongoing  efforts shall be made to protect assets by periodically reviewing asset

17  classific ation and protection measures.  -  Employee information (telephone numbers, email addresses, etc.) is also  considered Company assets and shall not be used for personal purposes.  Article  12  Principles concerning information protection  -  Important or confide ntial Company information shall be strictly protected and  controlled.  -  Important information shall be relayed to the intended recipient immediately upon  recognition.  -  The falsification, concealment, or distortion of work - related information or the  report ing or  distribution of incorrect information shall be regarded as fabrication of  information.  -  Employees shall manage internal Company information acquired during the  course of work according to the security level, and shall not use the information  for personal purposes.  Article  13  Fair trade regulations and building mutual trust with suppliers  -  Employees shall comply with international standards and national laws and  regulations concerning fair trade to ensure fair competition in domestic and  international markets and refrain from engaging in unfair trade practices such as  colluding with competi tors regarding production, prices, bidding and market  segmentation.  -  Employees shall fulfill their social responsibility by refraining from using a position  of power against a client or supplier  to make demands or unlawful requests.  -  Employees shall resp ect the rights and property of others, including intellectual  property rights,  and shall not infringe upon them to create business or generate  profit.  -  The information acquired from a supplier shall be strictly  protected as stipulated in  relevant laws and  regulations and contract terms.  -  Employees shall support suppliers to comply with laws and regulations concerning  fair trade and ESG.

18  Article  14  Principles concerning the prevention of conflicts of interest  -  “ Conflict of interest ”  means a situation whe re a personal relationship with an  employee of a supplier has an  improper influence on an employee ’ s work  performance.  -  Employees shall not engage in unfair trade practices such as signing unlawful  private contracts,  making high - price purchases, tunneling  work, or leaking trade  information to give preferential treatment to a certain individual or corporation.  -  Employees shall prevent conflicts of interest by strictly denying improper requests  from  a supplier ’ s employee with whom there is a personal  connection, including  former employees.  -  Employees shall not make unofficial contact with a supplier ’ s employee with whom  there is a personal connection, and shall report any unintentional contact to the  head of the department or the  department in charge  of ethical management .  -  Employees shall not attend gatherings of former employees without the  Company ’ s approval.  -  Where an employee has a personal connection to a supplier ’ s employee, he/she  shall consult the head of the department or ethics officer and  adjust his/her duties,  etc. accordingly.  -  When the head of the department recognizes a work - related conflict of interest  involving himself/herself or a staff member, he/she shall adjust the relevant duties  or otherwise take action to avoid the conflict o f interest. If it is impracticable to  avoid the conflict of interest due to the nature of the work, he/she shall consult the  department in charge of ethical management .  -  Retired employees shall also prevent conflicts of interest with POSCO Future - M  and it s business entities.  Article  15 Developing an organizational culture of human respect  -  Employees shall not engage in verbal, physical, or visual behavior  that may offend  others, such as the use of profanities, verbal abuse, physical abuse, or sexual  harassment that violates the human rights of an individual.  -  Violations of human respect may be subject to disciplinary action in accordance  with the relevant regulations.  -  Employees shall respect each other ’ s privacy and shall not slander or  undermine others or disclose personal information.

19  -  Employees shall com ply with national labor laws and international standards,  including working conditions for minors and minimum working age requirements.  -  Safety rules shall be strictly observed, and any risks identified shall be  addressed appropriately.  Article  16  Principles  related to accounting  t reatment  -  Financial statements should not be prepared in violation of accounting standards  -  If accounting fraud is committed or recognized, it shall be reported to the  department in charge of ethical management.

20  Chapt er  3. Reporting Unethical Conduct and  Rewards and Sanctions  Article  17  Reporting obligations and confidentiality  -  Employees who recognize the fact that  he/she or someone else has violated the  Code of Ethics or these Guidelines shall actively protect the Company and  employees from unethical practices by reporting to or consulting the head of the  department or the  department in charge of ethical management  as quickly and  conveniently as possible. However, violations of human respect shall be reported  to the  department in charge of ethical management  without delay.  -  Executives and  department heads shall report to and consult the department in  charge of  ethical management immediately upon being informed of a violation of  the Code of Ethics by a staff member, and shall not downplay or conceal the  incident.  -  The  department in charge of ethical management  may conduct a fact check of the  reported incident i f necessary, and the employees concerned shall actively  cooperate.  -  Employees shall not take adverse action against, or disclose the identity of, an  informant or whistleblower.  -  Where it is likely that an informant or whistleblower may be subject to ad verse  action in terms of employment, a change of position or other personnel measures  shall be taken if so desired by the informant.  -  If an employee becomes aware of the fact that an incident has been reported,  either by chance or during the course of wo rk, he/she shall keep it confidential or  face disciplinary action.  Article  18  Rewards and sanctions (disciplinary action)  -  The Company may award part of the clawback resulting from an ethical  misconduct investigation to the informant as compensation  in accordance with the  relevant regulations.  -  The compensation criteria shall be in accordance with the guidelines on  compensation  and indemnity for informants of ethical misconduct and other  relevant regulations.  -  The Company shall firmly reprimand  employees who violate the Code of Ethics  and Practice Guidelines in accordance with the relevant regulations.

21  -  The Company may restrict Company access and business to employees who  have been dismissed after violating the Code of Ethics.  Article  19  Reporting of violations and protection of informants  -  Employees who become aware of a violation of the Code of Ethics or these  Practice Guidelines shall actively protect the Company and employees from the  violation by reporting it to the head of the orga nization or department or the  department in charge of ethical management for timely resolution.  ※  Reporting channels  -  Phone: 82) 54 - 290 - 0112, Corporate Audit Group  -  Online:  Company Website  > Report Center  -  E - mail : ethics@poscofuturem.com


</Manufactoring_Korea_POSCO Future M_2025.pdf>