This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Manufactoring_Korea_SeAH Holdings_2022.pdf>

[Translation]  - 1 -  C ode  of Ethics  SeAH  Group

[Translation]  - 2 -  Dear  SeAH  executives and employees,  We have  continued  to grow  into a trusted company despite the rapidly changing environment.  However,  there will be greater change s  to the  environment,  and  our  society is  calling for a  high -  level  of  ethical  corporate management.  In the past,  the emphasis was on  high  quality  products, good services and product differentiation.  However,  for a company to continu e its  develop ment , trust and respect from  its  customers,  stakeholders and society are  becoming  more important  than ever .  Therefore , we, SeAH Group,  would like  to  furth er  develop into  a world - class corporation  by  practicing  proactive and concrete  ethical management.  Ethical management goes beyond the passive meaning of simply  complying with  legal  obligations and  eliminating  unlawful behavior . It  requires  each  officer  an d employee  to  perform  their work responsibly on behalf of SeAH  by  observing  the  basics and principles and fulfilling  social responsibilities , which will lead to growth for not only the company but also our  customers, business partners and shareholders .  T here is a saying that it takes 20 years to build a reputation, but 5 minutes to destroy it.  E thical  management is not a one - time thing, nor is it something that only some  officers  and employees  should  do. A culture of ethical management can be  firmly estab lished  only if we cultivate a  high - level of  ethical awareness and  continuously practice such awareness  one by one .  This Code of Ethics Practice Guideline is a  guiding principle  f or  value judgment that all SeAH  people should know and practice. Let’s make SeAH a trusted and dignified company by actively  practicing th ese principles .

[Translation]  - 3 -  Content  The Need for Ethical Management  4  Ethics Charter and Code  6  Code of Ethics Practice Guideline  10  Chapter 1 General Provisions  10  Chapter 2 Receipt of Benefits (Money or valuables) from Stakeholders  12  Chapter 3 Unfair Equity Investment in Business Partners  20  Chapter 4 Lack of Transparency in the Selection of Business Partners  22  Chapter 5 Misappropriation of Company Assets  27  Chapter 6 Falsification of Documents or Figures and False Reporting  30  Chapter 7 Other Code of Ethics (Neglect of duty, failure to properly manage and supervise, abuse of power, impairment of dignity, etc.)  31  Chapter 8 Reporting and Taking Measures for Violation of the Code of Ethics  33

[Translation]  - 4 -  The Need  f or  Ethical Management

[Translation]  - 5 -  The Need for  Ethical Management  Ethical management refers to management that  complies with  market order and fulfills  the  rights and obligations as a social entity.  In other words, it means management that not only  complies with laws and institutions, but also actively fulfils corporate social responsibilities.  Corporate social responsibility can be  broadly  divided into fou r categories:  Ultimately, the goal of ethical management is to  give trust to all members of society, including  customers, shareholders, business partners, employees and local communities, as a reliable  company by faithfully fulfilling its responsibilit ies as a member of society.  Recently, companies have begun to recognize that ethical management is directly related to  corporate value, brand image, and  its  reputation.  Now, ethical management is the starting point  for generating busine ss profits in the g lobal market going beyond corporate social responsibility,  and  is recognized as an essential survival strategy.

[Translation]  - 6 -  Ethics Charter and Code

[Translation]  - 7 -  Ethics Charter  SeAH fulfills its corporate  social responsibilities through ethical management that adheres to  the basics and principles ,  and creates rich values  that enables  grow th  and develop ment  for our  customers, employees, business partners and shareholders.  < Preamble>  SeAH respects the orde r of the free market economy that pursues fair and transparent  competition based on an ethical corporate culture that a dheres to the basics and principles, and  complies with all laws and regulations, through which it aims to become a “company that makes  th e world more beautiful” by creating rich values and  growing  together with  its  stakeholders.  Code of Ethics  Chapter  1  Social R e sponsibility  SeAH  aims to become a corporate citizen trusted by society through transparent management  and rational business  development.  1.  SeAH conducts its business  pursuant to  market order  based on  free competition,  complies with all laws and regulations  of  Korea and aboard  where it conducts business ,  and respects the customary business practices thereof .  2.  SeAH fulfills its responsibilities and duties as a member of society by contributing to  national development  through job  creati o n and faithful reporting and pay ment of  taxes.  3.  SeAH contributes to social development by  guaranteeing  and encouraging employees  to participate in sound  community services , and provides  the  necessary institutional  support.  4.  SeAH does not engage in politics and does not directly or indirectly provide  or pay  illegal donations or expenses.  5.  SeAH complies with  the  laws and regulations related to environmental protection, and  strives  to prevent wasteful consumption of resources and pollution.  Chapter  2  Responsibilit ies  to Stakeholders  SeAH puts the value of  its  customers and shareholders first, and  strives to gr ow together  with  its  business partners.  1.  SeAH respects  its  customers and  endeavors  to provide products and  services  that  the  customers need.  2.  SeAH prioritizes protecting the interests of  its  customers, and  shall  actively disclose  information  that customers  should, or  need to ,  know.  3.  SeAH respects the rights and invest ment  returns of all shareholders and investors, and  provides  the  necessary information in a timely manner.

[Translation]  - 8 -  4.  SeAH guarantees  its business partners  equal  opportunit y  to participate  in transactions  and  to set  reasonable transaction terms and conditions, and promotes mutual  growth  by establishing mutual trust through transparent transactions.  5.  SeAH respects the employees of  its  business partners, and does not engage in any form  of unfai r conduct using its superior  bargaining  position.  Chapter  3  Responsibilities  to Executives and Employees  SeAH regards its em p loyees as its most valuable asset and  strives  to  make SeAH a place for  self - fulfillment .  1.  SeAH  provides  a  working  environment  w here  individual  creativity  can  be  demonstrated, and provides systematic support for employees to  fairly  perform their  duties.  2.  SeAH  establishes a system that enables its executives and employees to develop into  autonomous and creative talents, and  provides equal  opportunities.  3.  SeAH does not discriminate against employees based on gender, religion, age,  educational background, place of origin, disability, etc., and treats employees fairly  according to their abilities and achievements.  4.  SeAH respects  the privacy of employees as much as possible, and creates a safe and  comfortable working environment to create a good workplace.  5.  SeAH creates a system in which employees can freely express their opinions to  management and do not suffer any disadvantages  f or doing so .  Chapter  4  Basic Ethics of Executives and Employees  SeAH ’s executives and employees have the  proper  values and do not engage in unethical or  illegal acts that may be condemned by society in relation to their daily life and duties.  1.  SeAH  e xecutives and employees fulfill their assigned missions through continuous  self - development and fair job performance with pride as SeAH people.  2.  SeAH  executives and employees  strictly  separate  public and private  matters , so they  do not receive any form of  financial benefit from stakeholders, and do not use business  hours or company products for personal  use .  3.  SeAH  executives and employees  respect each other, observe basic etiquette necessary  for work  places , and do not act  in any way  that  would  undermine the  company’s sound  work  atmosphere.  4.  SeAH  executives and employees  do not create fractions  based on  academic or regional  affiliation within the company, and do not engage in monetary transactions  amongst  executives  and  employees.  5.  SeAH  executives  and employees  do not disclose or utilize the business information of  customers or the company  that they  acquired while  performing their duties for personal  gain.

[Translation]  - 9 -  Addendum  Article 1  Enforcemen t  This Code of Ethics shall enter into force on January  1, 2005.  Article 2  Practices by  Executives  and Employees  Specific and detailed standards of conduct related to the implementation of this Code of Ethics  shall be  in accordance with  the Code of Ethics  Practice  Guidelines for  Executives  and  Employees est ablished by each company.  Article 3  Interpretation  If there is any doubt about the  interpretation  of this Code of Ethics or the Code of Ethics Practice  Guidelines, or if there is any matter not prescribed therein,  the  Ethics Management Department  or Ethic s  Management Office  of each company shall have the authority to interpret such matters  and make decisions.  Article 4  Relationship with Other Regulations  This Code of Ethics  and the Code of Ethics Practice Guidelines  shall  prevail  over other  c o mpany regulations.

[Translation]  - 10 -  Code of Ethics Practice Guidelin e  Chapter 1 General Provisions  1.  Purpose  The purpose of this Guideline is to set forth the matters necessary for  implementing  the Code  of the Ethics and the  guideline  that  SeAH  executives and employees  should observe  (hereinafter  “You”) .  2.  Definition  (1)  “ Duty ”  means any direct or indirect  business that you carry  out as a SeAH  executive  or employee.  (2)  “Stakeholder” means a person or organization having a business relationship with  SeAH, and any person or organization inside or outside SeAH whose rights and  interests are affected by the acts or decision - making of SeAH executives and  employees related to  their  duties . The  giving and  recei ving  ( money  or  valuables )  through family members, relatives, acquaintances, etc. shall be deemed  as actions of  their own.  (3)  “ Inevitable  circumstances ”  refer to cases where the refusal was impossible because it  was delivered  during  one’s  absence, or where a  stubborn  refusal  of a favor  is  determined  to be rude.  (4)  “ Reporter ”  means all executives and employees who are obligated to  file a  report in  relation to the giving  or  receipt of money, valuables, entertainment, etc.  or  becomin g  aware  of such giving  or  receipt.  (5)  “ Ordinary level ”  1)  Definition: Ordinary level refers to a level that  is acceptable  by other  executives, employees or non - beneficiaries  based on  sound common sense.  (i)  The level of which legitimacy is recognized when open to t he public  (ii)  The  extent  to which  the beneficiary can handle business from a fair  standpoint without feeling  any undue  burden.  2)  Requirements  (i)  Reciprocity.  Relevant parties should be on an equal footing.  (ii)  The other party should not have a particular repulsion.  (iii)  It  shall not be frequent, periodic or habitual.  (iv)  It shall not be in connection with any time or purpose that is critical  to the business.  (v)  It shall not be luxurious or extravagant.  (vi)  It shall not violate social morals and customs.  3.  Matters Subject to the  Code of Ethics  The types of unethical conduct  that are regulated  in the  course of  perform ing one’s  duties are  as follows:

[Translation]  - 11 -  (i)  R e cei pt of  benefits  (money or other valuables) from stakeholders: money, valuables,  entertainment, borrowing, repayment  or  guarantee  of debts, borrowing and lending  money and future guarantees, etc.  (ii)  Unfair equity  investment  in  business  partners: giving ,  receiving  or  investing i n  listed or  non - listed  shares, joint  investment,  joint property  acquisition, etc.  (iii)  Lack of tr ansparency in t he selection of business partners: U nfair opportunities,  unfair trade pra ctices, leakage of information of business partners , etc.  (iv)  Misappropriation  of the company assets:  Use of t angible and  intangible  assets for  unauthorized purposes , embezzlement and mis appropriation of public funds, etc.  (v)  Falsification of documents  or  figures ,  and false reporting: Falsification  or  alteration  of documents  or  figures ,  false reporting, etc.  (vi)  Others:  Neglect of duty,  failure to properly manage and supervise ,  abuse of power ,  impairment of dignity, etc.

[Translation]  - 12 -  Chapter 2 Receipt of  Benefits  ( Money or valuables ) from Stakeholders  1.  Basic Principles  (1)  You  must not  accept  any  benefit  from stakeholders for any reason, and must politely  refuse or return any gift.  (2)  If  it was inevitable that  you  receive  benefit s from stakeholders, such receipt must be  reported according to the reporting procedure.  (3)  Your  family member  shall not receive or r equest  benefit s from stakeholders that they  believe are provided in relation to work.  (4)  The basic types of  benefit s are as follows, and include all other acts recognized as  bribery  by common  sense:  (i)  Money or valuables  ( including securities and gifts ) , entertainment and  hospitality,  convenience  etc.  (ii)  Borrowing  ( movable  and  immovable  properties ),  debt  repayment  or  guarantee, loan, etc.  (iii)  Future g uarantee s  (e.g., promis ing  employment and job placement after  retirement, promis ing  execution of contract , etc.)  2.  Form s  of  Receipt of  Benefit s  (Money  or  Valuables) and Code of Ethics  (1)  Direct receipt  (i)  Where  you  dir ectly receive  money or valuables  from a stakeholder .  (ii)  Where  your  family member, relative or friend receives  money or  valuables  form a stakeholder on beha lf of  you  and delivers  them  to  you.  (2)  Indirect receipt  (i)  Where a superior receives  money or valuables  from  a stakeholder  and delivers them to h is/her subordinate  (ii)  Where a subordinate  receives  money or valuables  from  a stakeholder  and delivers them to h is/her  superior  (iii)  Where employees in the same position receive  money or valuables  from  a stakeholder  an d exchange them with each other  (3)  V iolation of the Code of Ethics  Any d irect or indirect receipt of  money or valuables  from a stakeholder  is  considered a violati on of the Code of Ethics.  3.  Receipt of  Money or Valuables  (Securities, Money and Gifts)  (1)  R e gulated  a cts and  c riteria

[Translation]  - 13 -  Classification  Example  Principle  of  Conduct  Criteria  Gift  Golf  driving  range  or  fitness club vouchers, gift  cards,  tickets,  goods  or  other  promotional  and  discount benefits  Reporting  Limit:  KRW  50,000 or less  per  occasion  ( Promotional  and  discount  benefits are  permitted  only  when  they are available  to  the general  public )  Money  or  Valuables  Cash,  checks  and  other  securities  Proh ib it ed  Prohibited  Congratulatory  and  Consolatory  Money  Congratulatory  and  c onsolatory  m oney  and  goods  (wreath,  first - birthday  ring, etc.)  I ntentional  request /  in  excess  of  limit  are  prohibited  Congratulatory/condolence  money  and  goods  shall  not  exceed  KRW  100,0 00  in light of  social norms.  Payment  of  Expenses  Re quiring  stakeholders  to  pay  expenses  for  ent ertainment,  meals  or  other personal expenses  Prohibited  To be  reimbursed  later  under  inevitable circumstances  (2)  Action guidelines  in  c ase of  r eceiving  g ifts  (i)  If a  stakeholder  gives  you  a gift,  you  shall politely refuse or return it.  ( Promotional and discount benefits are  permitted  only  when they are  available  to  the general public ; but if  the benefit is intended for you , th at  shall be considered a gift)  (ii)  I f  you  do not know that a stakeholder has given a gift, or if it is rude to  immediately refuse or return it, the following procedure shall be followed:  a.  If  you receive a gift of KRW 50,000 or less,  you may  keep it  after  verbally reporting to your supervisor.  b.  If you receive a gift exceeding KRW 50,000, you shall prepare a  “Report on Receipt of  Money or V aluables ” (see page 73 for the  report  form) within 3 days, obtain approval from your supervisor, and submit  the report to  the  Ethics Management Department .

[Translation]  - 14 -  (iii)  If it is difficult to determine otherwise,  please  consult with  the  Ethics  Management Department  in advance.  (3)  Action guidelines  in  c ase of  receiving  money or valuables  (i)  If  a  stakeholder  gives you  money or valuables , you must not  accept  it for  any reason, and must politely refuse or return it.  (ii)  You shall report the receipt in the form of “Report on Receipt of  Money or  valuables ” within 3 days, return or wire transfer the  money or valuables  to  the representa tive of the giver, and submit th e relevant deposit  slip to  the  Ethics Management Department .  (4)  Action guidelines  in case of receiving c ongratulatory and  c onsolatory  m oney  (i)  C ongratulatory  and  c onsolatory  m oney  within  the  general  range  recognized  by social  norms  need  not  be  report ed .  The  amount  of  c ongratulatory and  c onsolatory  m oney  recognized by social norms shall  not exceed KRW 100,000.  a.  C ongratulatory and  c onsolatory  m oney :  Cash payment of up to KRW  100,000 is allowed only for wedding congratulatory money of  SeAH  officers and employees  and their children and condolence money of  their immediate family members (including parents of their spouses).  b.  Congratulatory/condolence  goods,  wreaths  for  c ongratulatory/condolence events and  celebration for a  promotion , etc.  shall not exceed  KRW  100,000  ( Giv ing  or accepting  wreaths related to  congratulatory/condolence events, promotion, etc. among affiliates  is  prohibited ).  (ii)  If the amount of congratulatory/condolence money received from a  stakeholder exceeds the  range  recognized by social norms, or if a prior  notice of  congratulatory/condolence event  is given to a stakeholder  that  could  impose a burden on him/her, it  shall be  deemed to be intentional, and  therefore ,  you shall  not engage in the following acts:  a.  Deliver or  send a notice  or invitation  to  stakeholders  (email, mail, fax,  etc.);  b.  Posting on a bulletin board, etc. visible to outside stakeholders;  and  c.  Directly talk  about congra tulatory/condolence events to  stakeholder s  or  openly inform  them through your boss, coll eagues  or  subordinates .  (5)  Prohibition on  pay ment of  expenses  (i)  You should not call a stakeholder to entertain a client or to pay for  a team  dinner ,  or give  the stakeholder  a receipt  for such event and  receive money.  (ii)  If you happen to meet a stakeholder at a  place  where you are having  team  dinner  or similar event,  and the stakeholder first pays for the expense, you  must report it to your supervisor, treat it as the  c ompany's expense and  re imburse  the stakeholder.

[Translation]  - 15 -  4.  Entertainment and Hospitality  (1)  R e gulated  acts and criteria  Classification  Example  Principle  of  Conduct  Criteria  Meal  No t  to  exce ed  the limit  Limit:  KRW  50,000 or less  per  person  Decadent  entertainment  establishments  R o om  salon, k araoke bars,  nightclubs, massage parlors,  high - end barbershops,  high -  end  saunas,  and  other  luxury/luxury entertainment  venues.  Prohibited  Prohibited  Games  Go - stop, C a sino  Prohibited  Prohibited  Spor ts  Golf, ski  Prohibited  Other  than  official  meetings  approved by the  c ompany,  all  entertainment  events  with  stakeholders  are prohibited.  (2)  Action guidelines  in case of receiving entertainment and hospitality  (i)  You may receive  customary business entertainment, such as  having a  meal  to discuss  business, with the approval of your supervisor, but only if the  amount is reasonable  and not prohibited by law or business practice.  (ii)  Even  when having a  mea l  to discuss  business, if the level of entertainment  is determined to  exceed the prescribed limit or  the entertainment is  changed to a  type that is  prohibited, you shall avoid or  refuse  it.  (iii)  You must not receive entertainment or hospitality through any sporting  event, such as golf outings, skiing, etc. at the expense of any stakeholder,  unless such event is held at an official meeting or approved in advance by  the company.  (iv)  If you received entertainment or hospitality provided by a stakeholder, you  must report it to  the  Ethics Management Department  in the form of “Report  on Receipt of  Money or  V aluables ” , except for a simple meal not  exceeding KRW 50,000 per person.  (v)  If it is  difficult for you to distinguish between a general meal for business  purposes  and  entertainment / hospitality, you must consult with  the  Ethics  Management Department  in advance, or take such action as you consider  most  appropriate  and  report  the  results  to  the  Ethics  Management  Department .  5.  Provision of Convenience

[Translation]  - 16 -  (1)  R e gulated  acts and  criteria  Classification  Example  Principle  of  Conduct  Criteria  Business  t ravel support  T ransportation  (railway/airline/ bus  ticket  or  car  support ,  etc.),  accommodation  (lodging,  meals, etc.)  Fair  compensation  for  convenience  Payment  of  actual expenses  for convenience  P ersonal  leave support  P r ovision  of  convenience  such  as  transportation,  lodging,  tour  guide,  etc.  during personal vacation  Prohibited  Prohibited  O ffice  supplies  Support  for  department  relocation  expenses  and  provision of office  supplies  (wall clock, mirror, tissue,  etc.)  Prohibited  KRW 100,000 or less  under  inevitable circumstances  Sponsorship /  support  Sponsorship of department  events  ( money,  goods,  tran sportation,  etc. ) ,  invitation to a stakeholder -  sponsored event that is not  related to work (seminars  in Korea or  abroad, etc.)  Prohibited  Unless otherwise appr oved by  the company in advance, an  invitation of a stakeholder to  an  company  event  or  participation in a stakeholder -  hosted event is prohibited.  (2)  Action guidelines  in case of receiving support for business travel and personal  vacation  (i)  You must not request or  accept  convenience  from any stakeholder for any  purpose.  (ii)  I f  you did  n ot  pay the fair price for transportation/accommodation  provided by a stakeholder, you shall remit the amount to the representative  of the stakeholder, and su bmit  a  report to  the  Ethics Management  Department  after attaching a copy of the deposit slip to the  report and  obtaining approval from your supervisor .  (3)  Action guidelines  in case of receiving office supplies  (i)  You must not  accept  any support (cash, goods) from a stakeholder in the  event of office or department  relocation .  (ii)  In case of notifying stakeholders of  office or department  relocation for  business needs, you  must state in the notice that providing money or  valuables are not allowed so  that stakeholders  are  not  burdened by  such  notice .

[Translation]  - 17 -  (iii)  If it is inevitable to receive of fice supplies, it shall be limited to small goods  (wall clock, flowerpot, mirror, etc.) equivalent to not more than KRW  100,000, and if it exceeds the amount, the goods shall be returned and  reported according to the  prescribed  procedure.  (4)  Action guidelin es  in case of receiving sponsorship/support  (i)  You must not receive  sponsorship of cash, goods, transportation, etc. from  stakeholders during  company  events, such as picnics, athletic  events ,  workshops, etc.  (ii)  N otifying the event in advance in the following m anner shall also be  deemed  as  an intention to receive sponsorship:  a.  O penly telling  stakeholder s  the matters related to the event  so that they  feel  pressured , or posting on the internal bulletin board, etc. that can  be seen by the stakeholders;  b.  Delivering th e event  notice  to the stakeholders without prior approval  of the company;  (iii)  If it is necessary to invite a stakeholder due to the nature of the event,  you  shall obtain prior approval from  the company , and notify the stakeholder  that  the company does not  rece ive any  support  ( money or valuables ) so  that the stakeholder does not  feel  any pressure for  attend ing  the event.  (iv)  If a stakeholder  brings  cash or items exceeding  KRW 100,000,  it must be  returned to the stakeholder , and if  there was no  choice but to receive  it  or  the  items  did not exceed KRW  100,000, the event manager  must  explain  the company's policy to prevent recurrence with a  showing  of appreciation.  (v)  If you participate in an event hosted by a stakeholder, such participation  must be for business purposes a nd approved by the company in advance.  If  you determine that the event has nothing to do with  the company’s  business or  the event was  changed to a prohibited type of convenience or  entertainment,  you  shall  avoid  it.  If  you  have  inevitably  received  entertai nment or hospitality, you shall pay the fair price for it to the  stakeholder and report it to  the  Ethics Management Department  in  compliance with the applicable procedure.  6.  Borrowing ( movable and immovable properties ), Debt Repayment or Guarantee, Loan  (1)  R e gulated  acts and  criteria  Classification  Example  Principle  of  Conduct  Criteria  Borrowing/  Buying low  /  Selling high    L easing ,  encumber ing ,  free  recei pt  or  below  market price  purchasing  of  assets  of  a  stakeholder  such as movables and real  property  Prohibited  Prohibited

[Translation]  - 18 -    Selling  the  assets  of SeAH  executive or employee  at a  high price  Debt  repayment    Settling  or  repay ing  personal liabilities such as  credit  card  payments,  credit accounts, loans, etc.  Prohibited  Prohibited  Guarantee    Demand ing  or  offer ing  guarantee for a loan  Prohibited  Prohibited  Loan    Borrow ing  or  lend ing  mo ney to a stakeholder, or  pay  or  receive  interest  thereon.  Prohibited  Prohibited  (2)  Action guidelines  in case of  borrowing,  “buying low or selling high”  (i)  You shall not lease assets or obtain collateral from any stakeholder for  your  or your family member’s  convenience or profit.  (ii)  A cquiring movable or  real  property free of charge or purchasing it at a  price lower than the  normal  price  and taking  substantial pr ofits  there from  are prohibited,  and shall be  consider ed  as giving and  accepting  money.  (iii)  Selling your  movable  property or  real  property to a stakeholder at a price  higher than the normal price and taking substantial profits from such sale  is also strictly pr ohibited,  and shall be  consider ed  as giving and  accepting  money.  (3)  Action guidelines  in case of debt repayment and  provision of guarantee for loan  (i)  Payment  on behalf of a SeAH executive or employee :  R equesting a  stakeholder to pay, repay or provide a  guaran tee  for  debts (card payments,  credits, loans ,etc.)  owed by  you, your family member or any SeAH  employee,  or  accepting  a  stakeholder’s  proposal  of  such  payment,  repayment or guarantee  is  prohibited.  (ii)  Loan guarantee:  R equesting a stakeholder to provide a  guarantee for a loan  taken out by you, your family member or any SeAH employee (no matter  which financial institution provides the loan) or accepting a stakeholder’s  proposal of such guarantee is prohibited.  (4)  Action guidelines  in case of  a  loan  (i)  You or you r  family  members are prohibited from borrowing or lending  money to any stakeholders.  (ii)  The act of lending or borrowing money itself and the payment or receipt  of interest thereon  for  whatever  reason  shall be deemed  as  giving or  receiving of money.

[Translation]  - 19 -  7.  Future  Guarantee s  ( promise of employment ,  promise of  execution of contract , etc.)  (1)  R e gulated  acts and  criteria  Classification  Example  Principle  of  Conduct  Criteria  P r omise  of  employment  Receiving  a  guarantee for  employment after retirement  or promise of job placement  from a  stakeholder  Prohibited  Prohibited  P romise  of  contract  execution  Promising a  transaction  after  retirement  Prohibited  Prohibited  (2)  Action guidelines  (i)  Promise of employment and job placement after retirement:  You  sh all neither  request a stakeholder  to  a promise employment after  retirement or other similar  promise s , nor accept  such promise from  a stakeholder.  (ii)  Promise  to  execut e  a  contract:  You shall neith er request a stakeholder  to  promise any benefits such as  entering into  a transaction  with you  after retirement, nor accept  such promise from  a stakeholder.  (iii)  If a stakeholder  provides  a guarantee for employment or a promise  of  entering into  a transaction , you must immediately report it to your  supervisor and then to  the  Ethics Management Department .

[Translation]  - 20 -  Chapter 3 Unfair Equity  Investment  in  Business  Partners  1.  Basic Principles  (1)  You shall never acquire any unjust shares in listed or  non - listed  securities of  a  business partner .  (2)  Joint  investment or  acquisition of  joint  property with a stakeholder is an unfair  act, and  the  amount equivalent to the beneficial  interest in such investm ent or  acquisition  s hall be  deemed to have been received from the stakeholder.  (3)  The basic types of unfair equity  investment  are as follows, and include all  other  forms of acquisition of joint property related to stakeholders :  (i)  Acquisition or investment in l isted or  non - listed  shares  (ii)  Joint  investment in movable/ real  propert y  or acquisition of joint  property  2.  Form s  of  Unfair Equity  Investment  and Code of Ethics  (1)  Direct equity  investment  (i)  Where you directly  receive  or invest in  shares  of  a stakeholder  (ii)  Where  you jointly invest with a stakeholder to acquire property  (2)  Equity  investment  through a third party  (i)  Where you own or invest in  the  shares of a stakeholder using the  name of your family member, relative or friend (borrowed name)  (ii)  Where you  cause or advise  your family member, relative or friend to  acquire or invest in the shares of a stakeholder.  (3)  V iolation of the Code of Ethics  In principle,  investing in stocks or jointly acquiring property, either  direct ly  or  by  using a third party's name ,  shall be deeme d a violation of the Code of  Ethics.  In addition,  even if you are not gaining any profit yourself but merely  soliciting  a third party  to  invest, it will be deemed as unfair equity  investment  and a violation of the Code of Ethics  if you are able to exercise  influence  upon  the stakeholder .  3.  Prohibition of Joint Investment and Acquisition of Joint Property  (1)  If you or your family member  jointly acquire s  movable or  real  property  through co - investment  with a stakeholder ( irrespective of its purpose ) , you  shall be deemed to have received an amount equal to your share  in the  property  from the stakeholder.

[Translation]  - 21 -  (i)  If you acquire assets such as  a  condo, golf or health club membership,  real estate, etc. in the name of a joint holder or a third party, you shall  be  deemed to have a beneficial interest in all such assets.  (ii)  If you have a joint investment with a stakeholder  based on a  personal  relationship formed  prior to  the stakeholder having a  business  relationship  with SeAH, you shall report the relevant facts to  t he  Ethics Management Department  and dispose of your share.  (2)  It is strictly prohibited to beneficially own a  business  partner that has a  business  relationship  with  SeAH  through  co - investment  with  a  stakeholder , either directly or through  your family.  (3)  Even i f you are not engaged in  any  co - investment, you are strictly  prohibited from being listed as a director of a stakeholder, holding  any  concurrent office in the stakeholder or substantially performing the  business of the stakeholder to  the e ffect  of influenc ing  the  business  relationship.

[Translation]  - 22 -  Chapter 4  Lack of Transparency in the Selection of Business Partners  1.  Basic Principles  (1)  You shall strictly comply with the  Monopoly  Regulation and Fair Trade Law  when  transactin g  with business partners.  (2)  You shall  select the best  business partner  on the basis of fair and transparent  principles. These principles must be complied with not only in  large - scale  purchase contracts but also in all transactions, including simple service  co ntracts.  (3)  If it is necessary to restrict or adjust the terms and conditions of transactions  with  a business partner,  it shall be  in accordance with transparent procedures  based on clear and reasonable grounds.  (4)  There  shall  be  no inequality, unfair treatment or unkind trading  by  using your  superior position.  (5)  The basic types of unfair conducts in  relation  to  business partners are as  follows, and include all other unfair conducts prescribed by th e Monopoly  Regulation and Fair Tra de Law  and the Enforcement Decree thereof;  (i)  Unfair opportunity  (ii)  Unfair trade practices  (iii)  Leakage of information of business partners  2.  Code of Ethics for Fair Trade  (1)  Persons subject the Code of Ethics related to fair trade  (i)  Members  of  the  procurement  department  related  to  the  procurement/service work and persons in charge of the relevant  work  at  the  department to which the  ordering  has been delegated  (ii)  Persons who  are in charge of  warehous ing  (input), inspect ing , or  pay ing  the purchased items in relation to the  pr ocurement/service  work  (iii)  Persons who perform works that directly affect the selection of  specific items for purchase, such as research and development  (iv)  All executive and employees who are otherwise directly or indirectly  involved in relevant works  (2)  V iolatio n of the Code of Ethics  You shall comply with the transaction regulations and fair procedures  when  transactin g  with business partners. If you fail to comply with such regulations  and procedures and fail to provide an objective explanation, you shall be  deemed to have violated the Code of Ethics. In addition, it is a material  violation of the Code of Ethics to exer cise influence over stakeholders  through relevant departments on matters unrelated to your work.

[Translation]  - 23 -  3.  Unfair Opportunity  (1)  R e gulated  acts and  criteria  Classification  Example  Principle  of  Conduct  Criteria  Refusal to deal    R efusal  to  deal  or  deprivation  of  opportunity  Prohibited  Prohibited  Restriction  on  participation    E stabli shment  of  exclusiv e  terms  and  conditions  or  trading  territories  without  any  reasonable  grounds,  limitation o n  transaction  counterparties  Prohibited  Prohibited  Discrimination    Price  discrimination,  discriminatory  application of transaction  terms    Granting  preferential  treatment  to  certain  companies  (high  unit  price, transaction terms)  Prohibited  Prohibited  (2)  Action guidelines  (i)  A ny SeAH executive or employee who is in a position to exert a  decisive influence on the selection and evaluation of business  partners must not exercise influence to  favor or discriminate  a  specific company.  (ii)  You shall give business partners fair opportunities and conditions  according to SeAH’s principles and procedures, and shall not engage  in any unfair trade practices prohibited under the fair trade laws as  well as any other unfair conducts in violation of S eAH’s  regulations  and  policies .  (iii)  You shall have a justifiable reason for any  inevitable  restriction on  transactions with business partners, and shall not intentionally  engage in any of the following conducts to give an opportunity only  to a specific busine ss partner:  a.  Refusal to deal: Where you refuse to deal with a certain business  partner without  any  specific reason although the business partner  does not have any legal issue or particular disqualifications under  SeAH’s regulations.  b.  Restriction on participa tion:  Where you select or exclude a  certain business partner by

[Translation]  - 24 -  -  Setting exclusive transaction terms and conditions on prices,  quality, etc.;  -  Limiting trade territories without  any  justifiable reason; or  -  Limiting transaction counterparties for  ambiguous  rea sons  c.  Discrimination : Where you give  favor  to  or discriminate  a  specific company by;  -  Applying  discriminatory  supply prices or different quality  conditions;  -  Arbitrarily adjusting the transaction volume or setting the  priority of transactions;  or  -  Protecting  an existing business partner, giving preferential  treatment to a company in which retirees, etc. are involved,  or preferring school or regional ties  despite  such business  partner  ha ving  made  no  improvement  to  SeAH’s  competitiveness.  (iv)  If there  is  an  inevitable  reason to restrict transactions with business  partners,  you shall report the reason to your supervisor and obtain  his/her approval according to the prescribed procedures.  4.  Unfair Trade Practices  (1)  R e gulated  acts and  criteria  Classification  Exam ple  Principle  of  Conduct  Criteria  U nfair trade    Unilateral  adjustment  of  supply  volume,  unfair  underpricing ,  unilateral  change of contract terms,  intentional  delay  of  payment    Overpricing  for  certain  business partner s  Prohibited  Compliance  with  company  regulations  i f  chang ing  the  transaction terms  is necessary  Un f air  support    Unfair  financial,  manpower  and  asset  support  Prohibited  P r ohibited  B u siness  interference    Unfair use of technology,  unfair  employment  of  person from  the  business  partner,  interference with  transactions  with  competitors,  other forms  of  business interference  Prohibited  P r ohibited  (2)  Action guidelines

[Translation]  - 25 -  (i)  You shall maintain  your relationship  with any business partner  based  on mutual  trust and prosperity .  You shall not unilaterally establish a  business  relationship  that  only  serves  SeAH’s  interest  or  intentionally disadvantage s  any business partner  and  causes  damage  to the business partner .  (ii)  A ny SeAH executive or employee who is in a position to exert a  decisive influence on the selection and evaluation of business  partners must not exercise influence to  favor or discriminate  a  specific company.  (iii)  You shall give business partners fair opportuniti es and conditions  according to SeAH’s principles and procedures, and shall not engage  in any unfair trade practices prohibited under the fair trade laws as  well as any other unfair conducts in violation of SeAH’s regulations  and  policies .  (iv)  You shall have a  justifiable reason for any  inevitable  change in  transaction terms with business partners, and shall not unilaterally  cancel transaction terms or intentionally engage in any of the  following conducts:  a.  Unfair trade:  When the transaction terms need to be adju sted  during the contract term, u nilaterally adjust ing  transaction terms  without prior consultation by;  -  Unilaterally demanding a  reduction in the supply price;  -  Unilaterally notifying adjustment of supply volume;  -  Unilaterally demanding a change in specific c ontract terms;  -  Intentionally delaying payment; or  -  Unilaterally discontinuing transactions without  a  justifiable  reason during the contract term  b.  Unfair support:  U nfair support  to  a specific business partner to  provide  its competitive edge by;  -  Providing financial or personnel support to a particular  business partner without  a  justifiable reason; or  -  Transferring or leasing  SeAH’s facilities or assets  at a low  price or free of charge without  a  justifiable reason  or  transparent procedure.  c.  Business  interference:  E ngag ing  in any of the following conducts  intentionally or without prior consultation with  the  business  partner;  -  Unfairly using a business partner’s technology;  -  Intentionally interfering with a business partner’s transaction  with SeAH’ s com petitor; or  -  Otherwise intentionally interfering with business activities to  give disadvantages to  the  business partner  (v)  If there  is  an  inevitable  reason to  change transaction terms  with  a  business partner,  you shall report the reason to your supervisor and  obtain his/her approval according to the prescribed procedures,  and  if necessary,  you shall discuss  such changes  with the business partner.

[Translation]  - 26 -  5.  Leakage of Information of Business Partners  (1)  R e gulated  acts and  criteria  Classification  Example  Principle  of  Conduct  Criteria  Information  leakage  Leakage  of  information  obtained  from  business  partners  Prohibited  Prohibited  (2)  Action guidelines  (i)  You shall not disclose to a thi rd party any information of a business  partner  in connection with  the business relationsh ip without the  approval of the business partner’s  representative.  (ii)  In particular, you shall not cause any damages to the business partner,  such as harm  its  business activities or  departure  of personnel, by  disclosing such information to the business partner ’s competitor.

[Translation]  - 27 -  Chapter 5  Misappropriation  of Company Assets  1.  B asic Principles  (1)  SeAH ’s tangible and intangible assets and confidential information are  important assets  of SeAH  and shall be used only for SeAH’s  business  activities and authorized purposes. SeAH executives and employees  shall be  responsible for  preventing  loss, misuse or theft of the  company’s  assets.  (2)  SeAH ’s budget  shall be used as public funds for sound corporate activities.  Therefore, it shall b e used for the prescribed purpose in compliance with  SeAH’s regulations.  2.  F orms of Asset Embezzlement/Misappropriation and Code of Ethics  (1)  Asset embezzlement/misappropriation  (i)  Using  SeAH’s  tangible assets, such as equipment and devices, or  removing them f rom  SeAH’ s premises without permission;  (ii)  Using a corporate credit card, various consumables, etc. in a manner  inconsistent with the purpose of use or for personal use;  (iii)  Utilizing SeAH’s intangible intellectual assets, which should be  protected as confidentia l information, such as product drawings and  information systems, for personal or other person’s profit, or leaking  such intangible intellectual  property  without permission.  (2)  Embezzlement/misappropriation of public funds  (i)  Utilizing  SeAH’s  public  funds  by  withdrawing  them  without  authorization  (ii)  Appropriating SeAH’s funds or actually  receiving  cash with false  documentation  (3)  V iolation of the Code of Ethics  All assets of  SeAH  shall be used in accordance with fair procedures in  accordance with  express accounting guidelines and information protection  regulations, and any failure to comply with such guidelines and to objectively  explain the reasons therefor shall  in principle  be deemed to be a violation of  the Code of Ethics. In particular, takin g out tangible and intangible assets  without permission and using them for profit - making purposes for the officers  and employees themselves or other stakeholders, and using  SeAH 's public  funds for personal purposes constitute a material violation of the Co de of  Ethics.  3.  Use of Tangible or I n tangible  Assets for Other Purposes

[Translation]  - 28 -  (1)  R e gulated  acts and  criteria  Classification  Example  Principle  of  Conduct  Criteria  Embezzlement/  misappropriation  of tangible assets    Immovable assets: land,  building,  facilities,  equipment, etc.    Embezzlement  or  unauthorized  use  of  tangible  immovable  assets  for  personal  profit - making purposes    Corporate  credit  card:  Embezzlement of public  funds, use for personal  profit - making purposes  Prohibited  Prohibited  Misappropriation  of  intangible  assets    Leakage  of  product  drawings,  trade  secret  and  information,  information systems, etc.  for  personal  profit -  making  purposes  or  providing  the  same  to  competitors  Prohibited  Prohibited  (2)  Action guidelines  (i)  SeAH ’s all assets shall be used only  for its business activities or  authorized purposes  (ii)  In particular, assets such as corporate credit card, vehicles, PCs and  various office supplies shall be used only for business purposes, not  for personal use.  (iii)  The information and communications system  shall be used only for  authorized business purposes, and shall not be misused for unsound  and commercial purposes. In addition,  you shall not leak SeAH’s  confidential information to a third party by using SeAH’s system.  (iv)  You shall not  conduct any business  or engage in any other person’s  business for personal gain by using information or knowledge  obtained through the use of your position and duties.  4.  Embezzlement/misappropriation of public funds  (1)  R e gulated  acts and  criteria

[Translation]  - 29 -  Classification  Example  Principl e  of  Conduct  Criteria  Embezzlement/  misappropriation  of public funds    U nauthorized  withdrawal  of  the  company’s  public funds,  use for private purposes,  embezzlement  by  falsifying  books  and  records ,  granting  of  public  funds  to  stakeholders    Payment  of  expenses  based on false receipt s  (receipt s  for  personal  purchases)    Abuse of the  company’s  policy  where  proof  of  costs  need  not  be  submitted    Adding expenses  (such  as  personal  entertainment  expenses  or  other  expenses  that  are inappropriate to be  reimbursed)  to  other  accounts  Prohibited  Prohibited  (2)  Action guidelines  (i)  You shall not use public funds for private use.  (ii)  You shall not withdraw  the company’s  public funds to pay for fake  expenses by filing false  expense reports .

[Translation]  - 30 -  Chapter 6 Falsification of Documents  or  Figures  and False Reporting  1.  B asic Principles  (1)  All records and reports of information must be  true and  accurate.  (2)  Intentional or negligent  manipulation or alteration of documents or figures  i s  an obvious unlawful act that may seriously undermine the company’s  interests by obstructing the decision - making and judgment of superiors or  relevant  department.  2.  Action guidelines  (1)  Manipulation or alteration of documents or figures  (i)  All documents  and  fi gures of certain kinds that employees record  and submit to the company must be  true and  accurate.  (ii)  It  shall  also  be  a n  unlawful act  that is punishable  if a supervisor  instructs  the  manipulation  of  a  document  or  figure,  or  if  a  subordinate knowingly carries out such instruction  despite  it  being  an obvious misconduct.  (2)  False reporting  (i)  You  shall  not  make  false  reports  to  the  management  or  the  management  organization within the c ompany  or to organ izations or  people outside the c ompany.  (ii)  You shall not  make any  misrepresentation  when selling products or  providing services to customers.  (iii)  Even if you do not directly make false reports,  manipulat ing  information  that could  mislead the informati on recipient  is also an  unlawful act .

[Translation]  - 31 -  Chapter 7 Other Code of Ethics (Neglect of duty,  failu re to properly  manage and  supervis e ,  abuse  of  power , impairment of dignity, etc.)  1.  B asic Principles  (1)  Y ou shall exercise due care  as a prudent  manager  in performing duties  with  respect to  your position and title, and shall not  cause any reputational damage  or inflict any loss on SeAH by  breaching  this duty.  (2)  You shall, as a SeAH employee, do your best to preserve the dignity of your  w ords and actions and  protect  SeAH’s  reputation  even  in your private life.  The basic types of acts that violate the Code of Ethics are as follows:  (i)  Neglect of duty  (ii)  Failure to properly  manage and supervis e  (iii)  Abuse of power  (iv)  Impairment of dignity  2.  Action  guidelines  (1)  Neglect of duty:  You shall not  cause any reputational damage  or inflict any  loss on SeAH by failing to perform your duties based on your position and  title as set forth in the work regulations (or as instructed by your supervisor).  (i)  You shall fa ithfully perform the duties assigned to you in accordance  with SeAH’s policies with a sense of  responsibility .  (ii)  You shall be familiar with and comply with SeAH’s  regulations and  policies relating to your duties.  (iii)  You shall share information with your supervi sor, colleagues and  others departments and actively cooperate with them to fulfill your  duties.  (2)  Failure  to  properly  manage  and  supervise :  You  shall  not  cause  any  reputational damage  or inflict any loss on SeAH by failing to fulfill your duty  of care as a  prudent  manager  responsible for the performance of your duties.  (i)  You shall be responsible for the  outcome of  your  perform ance that is  expected of someone in  your position and title.  (ii)  You shall predict the risks that may arise  when  perform ing  your  duties and  pay attention  at all  time s , and shall be responsible for any  problems that may arise.  (iii)  In particular, if you are a manager, you are obligated to manage and  supervis e  your subordinates.  (3)  Abuse of power : You shall not  cause any reputational damage  or inflic t any  loss on SeAH by abusing your position and title to do something that you are  not allowed to do in your position and title.

[Translation]  - 32 -  (i)  A  supervisor shall not give his/her subordinates any unfair work  instructions that are not related to  the company  or  its  business  purposes.  (ii)  You shall not make any decision at your discretion  that violates  SeAH’s regulations or is beyond the scope of your  duties and  responsibilities,  or make any official promise that you cannot keep.

[Translation]  - 33 -  Chapter  8 Reporting and Taking Measures for Violation of the Code of Ethics  1.  Action guidelines  (1)  If you have witnesse d  or bec a me aware of any violation of the Code of Ethics  by any other executive or employee in relation  to  a stakeholder, or if you have  inevitabl y violated the Code of Ethics , you shall immediately report such  violation. In particular, if you received money, valuables, entertainment, etc.,  you shall report  it  to your supervisor and submit  a  “Report on Receipt of  Money or  V aluables ” to the  Ethics Ma nagement Department  within 3  business days.  (2)  If you violate this  requirement , you  shall be  deemed  as attempting  to conceal  the violation.  (3)  You shall submit the report and  the results of your remedial  actions to  Ethics  Management Department .  (4)  The  Ethics Mana gement Department  shall prepare a ledger and report it to  the  representative director.  2.  Conducts to be reported  (1)  Receipt of  money or valuables  from stakeholders  (2)  Receipt of a gift exceeding KRW 50,000  (3)  Receipt of entertainment and hospitality exceeding KRW  50,000 per person  (4)  Failure to pay a  fair price for convenience such as transportation and lodging,  etc. provided by a stakeholder  (5)  Receipt  of  office supplies exceeding KRW 100,000  (6)  Receipt of  a proposal or promise for employment or transaction  (7)  Violation of th is Code of Ethics or  an Ordinary Level of  code of ethics  3.  Reporting process  4.  Disciplinary action  (1)  Disciplinary action shall apply to  any conduct violating the Code of Ethics in  relation  to  a  stakeholder .  (2)  Disciplinary action shall strictly apply to a fai lure to report the receipt of  benefit s from a stakeholder according to the reporting process .

[Translation]  - 34 -  (3)  Disciplinary action shall apply to aiding and abetting or conniving other  employee’s violation of the Code of Ethics even if you are not directly  involved  (4)  The deg ree of disciplinary action shall be de termined  in consultation with  the  Ethics Management Department  by considering the severity of the relevant  conduct  in accordance with the procedures under the personnel regulations.  5.  Follow - up  measures against ethic s  v iolators  (1)  If a business partner is listed as being related to misconduct or corruption,  SeAH will not allow any transaction with such business partner.  (2)  After an existing contract expires,  SeAH does not allow any  new  transaction  to be entered into  with a business partner  that has employed  a former officer  or employee of  SeAH  who has been subject  to  disciplinary action related to  misconduct or corruption . However, if there is an  inevitable  reason to  continue transactions with the business partner,  th en the representative  director’s  approval  shall be  required.

[Translation]  - 35 -  [ Form ]  Report on Receipt of  Money or V aluables  (Entertainment)  Person  in  charge  Team  Head  Executive  Officer  President  1.  Recipient  Company Name  Position  Team (department)  Name  2.  Matter to be Reported  Classification  Details  Date and Place  Received  I t em  ( Type ,  Q uantity, Amount)  Details of Giver  (Affiliation, Position, Name,  etc.)  Reason  for  Receipt  ( explanation of the situation )  Reporter’s Opinion on How  to Handle the Case  Manager ’s Instruction  Confirmation  of  Case  Handling  [ DATE ]  Reporter :  (seal)  *Please submit the original form to  the Ethics Management Department .

[Translation]  - 36 -  Appendix  Self - diagnosis for E t hical  Decision Making  Pledge of Practice for Ethical Management

[Translation]  - 37 -  Self - diagnosis for E t hical  Decision Making  T his Self - diagnosis for Ethical Decision Making  helps SeAH executives and employees comply  with laws and regulations and be come  aware of their ethical responsibility  in the course of  performing their duties so that any ethical crisis  can be prevented .  If you feel  an  ethical conflict over a decision in the course of your work, ask yourself the  following questions:  (1)  Does it comply with the company ’s Code of Ethics?  (2)  Is there any legal issue?  (3)  Will I feel that the current decision was right  with the passing of  time?  (4)  Am  I justify ing  the means for the purpose?  (5)  What would happen if this is disclosed  to the media?  (6)  Would  m y  children  be proud of my actions ?  (7)  How would the other person feel about this matter?  (8)  A m  I making an unfair request to a stakeholder?  (9)  Am  I us ing  time and resources for the company?  (10)  Is it an act that honors the company and me?  Are  you still not sure?  Then keep asking questions until you are sure.

[Translation]  - 38 -  Pledge of Practice for Ethical Management  I pledge that in performing my duties, I will be honest  to my  customers, pursue mutual  development through fair trade with  business partner s, fairly compete with competitors, and  fulfill my responsibilities and obligations to shareholders and society  in compliance with the  following:  1.  In performing my duties, I will  comply with the Code of Ethics and I will not engage  in any unfair trade, misconduct or corruption.  2.  I will immediately report to  Ethics Management Department  if I become aware of any  unfair trade, misconduct or corruption of other employees in the course  of performing  my duties, or  i f I receive any suggestion of unfair trade or misconduct from a business  partner.  3.  In the event of any regular or  irregular investigation of violations of the Code of Ethics,  I will fully cooperate with the company, including su bmitting relevant materials  requested by the company.  4.  I will faithfully implement and comply with the above.  I execute this  Pledge  in two (2) counterparts, one of which shall be kept by me and the other  shall be submitted to the  c ompany.  [DATE]  Company Name:  Affiliation:  Name:  (signature)


</Manufactoring_Korea_SeAH Holdings_2022.pdf>