This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Mining_Indonesia_Aneka Tambang_2016.pdf>







2 CODE OF CONDUCT  Declaration And Implementation Commitment Of The Board Of Commissioners And Directors Of Pt ANTAM (Persero) Tbk We, the Board of Commissioners and Board of Directors PT ANTAM (Persero) Tbk,  As ANTAM Personnel believes that the implementation of Good Corporate Governance/GCG is the foundation for the formation  of system, structure and culture that will be the operational basic of the Company and will be the strength of the Company in  conducting sustainable business, has a competitive advantage, in increasing the added value of the Company. In line with the continuation of our commitment, today we are committed,  to  ensure  the  implementation  of  good  corporate governance,  to  the  standard  of  Good  Corporate  Citizen  with reference to best practice and comply with applicable laws and regulations, and consistent through the application of ANTAM’s values:  P rofessionalism,  I ntegrity,  Gl O bal  mentality,  Harmo N y,  E xc E llence,  R eputation or PIONEER that inspirits the contents of the Code of Conduct and Corporate Governance Policy of ANTAM

3 CODE OF CONDUCT  We will always seek the embodiment of Vision and to achieve  the Mission of PT ANTAM (Persero) Tbk based on good corporate governance. Jakarta, July 5, 2016  Bambang Gatot Ariyono  Commissioner  Fachrul Razi  President Commissioner  Laode M. Kamaluddin  Independent Commissioner  Robert A. Simanjuntak  Commissioner  Zaelani  Commissioner  Hikmahanto Juwana  Independent Commissioner  Dimas Wikan Pramudhito  Finance Director  Tedy Badrujaman  President Director  Hari Widjajanto  Marketing Director  Johan N.B. Nababan  Development Director  Agus Zamzam Jamaluddin  Operations Director  I Made Surata  Human Capital & CSR Director

4 CODE OF CONDUCT  Declaration And Implementation Commitment Of The Board Of Commissioners And Directors Of Pt ANTAM (Persero) Tbk  2  Table Of Contents  4  Glossary  6  1.  INTRODUCTION  1.1  Rationale  12 1.2  Corporate Vision, Mission and Values  15 Corporate Vision  15 Corporate Mission  15 Corporate Values  16 1.3  Corporate Commitment  24 1.4  Purposes  25 1.5  Benefits  25 1.6  GCG Principles  27 1.7  Object of the Code of Conduct  28 1.8  Responsibilities of ANTAM Personnel  29 1.9  Responsibilities of ANTAM Management  30  2.  CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  2.1  Business Ethics (about behaviour standard which implemented by company for interact and make relationship with Stakeholders)  33 2.1.1  Relationship with Employees  34 2.1.2  Relationship with Customers  36 2.1.3  Relationship with Suppliers  38 2.1.4  Relationship with Competitors  40 2.1.5  Relationship with Regulators  41 2.1.6  Relationship with the Surrounding Communities  43 2.1.7  Relationship with Investors and Shareholders  45 2.1.8  Relationship with Creditors  47 2.1.9  Relationship with Subsidiaries/Joint Ventures  48  TABLE OF CONTENTS

5 CODE OF CONDUCT  2.1.10  Relationship with the Media  50 2.1.11  International Trade  52 2.1.12  Relationship with the Community/Professional Organizations  53  2.2  Work Ethics (about behaviour standard for ANTAM Personnel in carrying out the work and interaction)  2.2.1  Compliance with Laws  55 2.2.2  Conflict of Interest  56 2.2.3  Giving and Receiving  59 2.2.4  Equality and Respect for Human Rights  62 2.2.5  Fair Employment Opportunity  64 2.2.6  Inappropriate Payments  66 2.2.7  Confidentiality of Data and Information  69 2.2.8  Monitoring and Use of Assets  73 2.2.9  Mining Safety and Environment  75 2.2.10  Intellectual Property Rights (IPR)  77 2.2.11  Ethical Behavior towards Fellow Employees  80  3.  IMPLEMENTATION GUIDELINES  3.1  Violations  84 3.2  Violations Report  85 3.3  Sanctions for Violations  91 3.4  Statement of Commitment  92 3.5  Socialization  93 3.6  Monitoring and Evaluation of Code of Conduct  94  4.  STATEMENT OF COMMITMENT  Statement of Personal Commitment of ANTAM Personnel  96  APPENDIX  Guidelines and Procedure for Whistleblowing System of PT ANTAM (Persero) Tbk  100  LIST OF IMAGES  Image 1. Values of ANTAM Personnel  16 Image 2. Flow Chart of Procedure for Whistleblowing System  114

6 CODE OF CONDUCT  1.  Abuse of Power  is the abuse of authority conducted by an official for particular purposes, either for oneself or for others.  2.  ANTAM Guiding Principles  is points of guidelines used as a checklist of attitudes that must be practiced by all ANTAM personnel and as a checklist material for superiors  to conduct coaching and monitoring, including the provision of constructive feedback. 3.  ANTAM Partners  is the partners in the ANTAM hold jobs such as contractors, consultants, media, lawyers and other business partners. 4.  ANTAM  Personnel  are  the  Board  of  Commissioners, Directors, Supporting Committee of Board of Commisioners and Employees of Corporate. 5.  BEST  is the values of ANTAM in Human Capital Excellence consisting of (Beyond expectation, Environment awareness, Synergize parTnership). 6.  Board  of  Commissioners  are  overall  Members  of Commissioner who serve as a unit of Board. 7.  Board of Directors  are the overall Directors who serves as a unit of the Board. 8.  Business Ethics  are standards of the business conduct performed by the Company as a business entity in interacting and dealing with both internal and external Stakeholders. 9.  Code of Conduct  is a set of commitments that consist  GLOSSARY

7 CODE OF CONDUCT  of business ethics of ANTAM and work ethics of ANTAM Personnel prepared to influence, form, organize and conduct the conformity of behavior in order to achieve consistent output appropriate with ANTAM culture in achieving its Vision and Mission. 10.  Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA)  is an agreement held  by  employer  and  ANTAM  Employees  Association (Perpantam), which sets out the terms, norms, rights and obligations, as well as matters pertaining to the employment relationship between the Company and the employees. 11.  Company  is a Limited Liability Company PT Aneka Tambang (Persero) Tbk or abbreviated PT ANTAM (Persero) Tbk. 12.  Conflict of Interest  is a situation when someone who got power and authority based on regulation, have or suspected have personal interest for every authority which his own so that can be influence quality and performance. 13.  Discrimination  is differences of treatment to fellow based on race, faction, tribe, economics, religion, etc., 14.  Disorientation  is a discrepancy with the real purpose to be achieved 15.  Employee Deliberation Team  is a team that is established in each work unit consisting of people with high integrity and  competence  consisting  of  officials  in  the  field  of Human Capital Management, Head of relevant work  unit, certain personnel appointed by authorized officials  and administrators of Workers Union that is designated and serves as a companion of employees.

8 CODE OF CONDUCT  16.  GCG  Principles  are  the  basic  matters  adopted  in managing the Company in an appropriate manner based on the elements of TARIF  which  include; Transparency, Accountability, Responsibility, Independency, and Fairness. 17.  Good Corporate Citizen  is persons which comply to all corporate policy, regulation, fighting and working hard to defend all of stakeholders interest and never get personal benefit from corporate business activity. 18.  Good Corporate Governance (GCG)  is a system of Corporate Governance to manage and control the company in order to create added value for all Stakeholders of the Company. 19.  Infrastructure  are  supporting  organs  of  the  Company, including General Meeting of Shareholders (GMoS), the Board of Commissioners (BOC), and the Board of Directors (BOD), Supporting Committees of the Board of Commissioners, Internal Audit, Risk Management, Corporate Secretary. 20.  Knowledge  Management  is  a  set  of  technical  and strategy to maintain, analyze, organize, enhance, and share understanding and experience. 21.  Material Information  is the information which can influence stock prices or corporate investment decision include case which can influence corporate performance or reputation and other definition based on regulations. 22.  Mining Safety  is all of activity which is safety management and mining occupational health and operational mining safety. 23.  Moral Hazard  is a condition which related to personality, talent, and human character which can increase amount of

9 CODE OF CONDUCT  loss compared with average risk. 24.  PIONEER  is the actualization of ANTAM’s values comprising Professionalism,  Integrity,  GlObal  Mentality,  HarmoNy, ExcEllence, Reputation. 25.  SENSE  are the values of the attributes of leadership of ANTAM Personnel comprising Speed, ENergize, ReSpect, CouragE. 26.  Shareholders  are  the  parties  that  own  shares  of  the Company such as investors. 27.  Softstructure  is  Company  Policies  such  as  Corporate Governance Policy, Code of Conduct, Charters, Management Policy, Standard Operating Procedure (SOP), Work Instruction (WI) and other Corporate Policies. 28.  Stakeholders  are all interested parties of the Company including  Employees/Officers,  Partners,  the  Government, Trade Unions and the Community around the Company. 29.  Tacit knowledge  is something that we know and experience, but it is difficult to clearly and completely be articulated and very difficult to be transferred to another person because the knowledge is borned in the Company in accordance with its competence. 30.  Things  to  Consider  are  further  elaboration  on  the points  listed in the Code of Conduct, usually in the form of the  potential risks and possible impacts arising from the  implementation of the points on Code of Conduct as well as relevant SOP/work instructions, compliance with applicable regulations and other matters that are beyond the Company’s control.

10 CODE OF CONDUCT  31.  Violation  is an attitude, action or behavior deviating from the Code of Conduct. 32.  Whistleblowing system  is a system that can be used as a media  for reporting information regarding indications of violations occurring within a Company. 33.  Work Ethics  are standards of works behavior that are used by all employees in performing duties for and on behalf of the Company, as well as to interact and connect with fellow co-workers, superiors and subordinates.

11 CODE OF CONDUCT

12 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION  The importance of the implementation of Good Corporate Governance  (GCG)  is  both  a  requirement  and  demands which is inevitable in the global business development and enhancement of the Company’s image. GCG is both the system and the structure in order to give confidence to all Stakeholders that the Company is managed and controlled in order to protect the interests of Stakeholders in line with legislation and GCG principles generally accepted as well as the one which will continue to be developed in accordance universal principle. Basically the successful implementation of GCG is determined by the commitment of all levels of the Company elements, readiness and completeness of the supporting organs of the Company (infrastructure GCG) as well as other GCG policies (soft structure GCG) with regard to suitability, business characteristics and the Company’s needs. PT ANTAM (Persero) Tbk, hereinafter referred to as ANTAM realizes the importance of the implementation of GCG as a tool and a way to increase the value and long-term business growth on an ongoing basis not only for the Shareholders but also other Stakeholders. Therefore, ANTAM is committed  to implement GCG consistently one of which is carried out  through the preparation of the Code of Conduct. Code of Conduct is a set of commitments comprised of business ethics of ANTAM and work ethic of ANTAM Personnel prepared  1.1 RATIONALE

13 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION  to influence, form, organize and conduct the  conformity of behavior in order to achieve consistent output in accordance with the values and culture of ANTAM in achieving its vision and mission. The Code of Conduct applies to all individuals who act on behalf of ANTAM, Subsidiaries and Affiliates under Control, Shareholders and all other Stakeholders or Partners who conduct business transactions with ANTAM. ANTAM always encourage adherence to Code of Conduct  and are committed to implement it, and requires that the entire management from all levels within the Company are responsible for ensuring that code of conduct are adhered to and properly executed on each level. As a form of that commitment, the Code of Conduct shall be Signed annually by all ANTAM personnel whether by members of the Board of Commissioners, the Board of Directors,  Committee Members as well as each individual whether  ANTAM employee stationed at the Head Office, Unit/Business  Unit, Project, Subsidiaries and Affiliates under control as well as other personnel acting on behalf of ANTAM. The signature is carried out in hard copy on the page of Statement of Commitment page of Code of Conduct Book or  by online through internal portal of the Company. In order to encourage the implementation of Code of Conduct  to run properly, the internalization and socialization programs  are needed to be implemented in all areas of operations of the Company.

14 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION  Socialization and Internalization shall be carried out routinely to the ANTAM employees both at structural level and executive level. The Code of Conduct shall always be adapted to the development of law, social, norms, rules and business development of ANTAM.  It is expected that all parties to provide input to the development of the Code of Conduct to be in line and synergize with the values already exist at ANTAM. Successful implementation of the Code of Conduct is strongly supported by the spirit, communication  and shared commitment to implement them in their daily operational activities.

15 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION  Corporate Vision  To be a leading natural resources based global corporation through business diversification and integration.  Corporate Mission  1.  To  provide  high  quality  products  with  a  view  of achieving maximum added value through best industry practices and competitive operational performance. 2.  To optimize resources with emphasis on sustainability, occupational safety and environmental conservation. 3.  To maximize the shareholder and stakeholder value. 4.  To improve the employee’s competency and welfare as well as the independency of the communities In  the vicinity of the operational areas.  1.2 CORPORATE VISION, MISSION, AND VALUES

Corporate Values Image 1.Values of ANTAM Personnel as Operational Basis  ANTAM believes that ANTAM VISION 2030 can only be successfully achieved  if  executed  with  Business  Excellence  and  Operation Excellence, which is based on ANTAM Basic Characters, namely Integrity, Maturity and Abundance Mentality and GCG principles (TARIF–Transparency, Accountability, Responsibility, Independency and Fairness). In practice, ANTAM Vision 2030 should also be supported by  the Human Capital Strategic Objective namely Human Capital Excellence (BEST–Beyond  Expectation,  Environment  Awareness,  Synergize ParTnership)  which  has  Leadership  Attributes  (SENSE–  Speed, ENergize, ReSpect, CouragE) through 20 Behaviours, and inspiriting ANTAM Values (PIONEER–Professionalism, Integrity, GlObal Mentality, HarmoNy, ExcEllence, Reputation) as the values and norms of behavior that must be adhered to and applied in the implementation of day-to- daily work by all levels of the Company.  16 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION

PIONEER values interpreted by 20 (twenty) behaviors below:  1.  P rofessionalism  a.  highly  committed  to  working  and  synergizing  best practices with business acumen and corporate culture to provide maximum contribution. b.  strive to achieve higher standards and open to new ideas. c.  dare to take decisions and actions by taking into account of the risks and benefits for the Company. d.  develop themselves an optimally and continuously for enhancement of achievement/performance and career development.  2.  I ntegrity  a.  comply with Code of Conduct, GCG, and regulations. b.  priority fairness and the interests of the Company. c.  work transparently, accountably, and fairly.  3. Gl O bal Mentality  a.  construct  global  mentality  (the  way  of  thinking, competence,  self-confidence  and  how  to  act)  in accordance with world class business acumen. b.  widely followed business development at a global level to make a transformation to improve the performance of the Company. c.  develop the ability to adapt to cultural differences and changes (both local and international).  17 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION

4. Harmo N y  a.  respect  for  human  rights,  different  opinions,  values, norms, and principles espoused by others. b.  build cooperation and synergistic relationship with all stakeholders both internal and external parties on a win- win basis and equity. c.  care to all stakeholders, particularly employees, strategic partners,  and  the  communities  around  the  area  of operation.  5.  E xc E llence  a.  embed  high  commitment,  winning  mentality,  strong belief and a positive attitude to do their best in order to achieve the best performance. b.  build  the  best  standards  and  in  the  most  effective and efficient way  to  achieve  the  best  organizational performance/employees performance. c.  enforce discipline to develop and implement effective and consistent work plan. d.  make  continuous  improvement  to  the  systems  and procedures  of  occupational  health  and  safety  by implementing world class practices and principles of operational excellence.  18 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION

6.  R eputation  a.  instill pride as ANTAM Personnel who has a good individual reputation for improvement of the image of the Company. b.  build, improve, and maintain a positive company image at national and global levels. c.  enhance the Company’s position in the national and global business arena. 20 behaviors which has been established as the implementation of PIONEER thereinafter are realized into ANTAM Guiding Principles to facilitate ANTAM  Personnel to practice it in day- to-day interactions at every opportunity such as in meetings, safety  talk,  communication,  coordination  and  teamwork, briefing, coaching, dealing with clients or guests and so forth. ANTAM Guiding Principle is made in the verb as follows  to facilitate “action” for the ANTAM Personnel.  19 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION

Personal  •  to think positively  and to acting in  line  with  the interests  of  the Company,  •  full of enthusiasm  to  improve oneself  and  not easily satisfied,  •  to bring solutions  with  careful consideration,  •  to act comprehensively  from  upstream to downstream.  Teamwork  •  devote thought  and  energy  in  a fully responsible manner  for  the benefit of the Company,  •  improve coordination  and  communication regularly,  •  improve coaching  and  empowerment,  •  satisfy  the needs of i nternal  and  external customers.  For Personal:  ANTAM Guiding Principles is used as a personal guide and checklist in carrying out the work. The bottom line is to always be  positive, enthusiastic, to bring solutions and act comprehensively.  For Teamwork:  ANTAM Guiding Principle is used as a guide and checklist when performing teamwork. The bottom line is for the benefit of the team, should always devote energy and mind to achieve goals, and enhance communication and coordination.  20 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION

The superiors and managers  shall  always  carry  out  support  in the form of continuous coaching, so that empowerment can be maximized, and remind subordinates to always satisfy internal  and external customers. Internal customer are the whole process  of the next series of work including superiors, subordinates, and co-workers. External customers are all those who interact with ANTAM in order to implement the Company’s interests. By using the ANTAM Guiding Principle checklist, communication and positive interaction is expected to be established. Each party  can understand what to expect as well as able to remind each other to act in accordance with the checklist As one form of implementation of the ANTAM Guiding Principles and to support the vision of ANTAM to be a world-class company, since the year 2012 the Company has launched a program of 5R (Ringkas, Rapi, Resik, Rawat, Rajin)/(concise, neat, clean,  care, diligent) to be implemented in all working units both at  head office and units/ business units. 5R Implementation is  expected to be the means to improve and maximize the results of their daily work  21 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION

Leadership Attributes of SENSE are interpreted as:  1.  S peed  The ability to make decisions, take action and complete tasks/ work quickly, accurately, efficiently, effectively,  anticipatory, and holistically in response to changes in the  business environment, market dynamics and industry. 2.  EN ergize  The ability to motivate, encourage to energize and inspire to do the best for the interests of the Company. 3.  Re S pect  Respect,  trust,  and  honor  the  rules  and  policies  of  the Company, as well as the opinions, views, and interests of others, although different from the personal opinions, views, and interests. 4.  Courag E  Courage to take risks in decision-making and action by the full calculation, wisdom and responsibility to optimize the full potential of the Company.  22 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION

Objectives of Human Capital Excellence BEST are interpreted as:  1.  B eyond  E xpectation  Insan ANTAM mengembangkan diri untuk menghasilkan unjuk kerja unggul melebihi target yang diharapkan. 2.  E nvironmental  A wareness  Insan  ANTAM  peduli  pada  keselamatan  dan  kesehatan kerja  serta  kelestarian  lingkungan,  pemberdayaan  dan pengembangan  masyarakat  berdasarkan  prinsip-prinsip  Corporate Social Responsibility .  3.  S ynergized Par T nership  Insan  ANTAM  membina  hubungan  kemitraan  dengan  Stakeholders  yang  harmonis  berdasarkan  prinsip-prinsip  Good  Corporate  Governance  (GCG)  dan  Standar  Etika Perusahaan.  23 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION

the entire ANTAM Personnel must uphold and behave in accordance with the values and standards of behavior set forth in the Code of Conduct; all management from all levels within the Company are responsible for ensuring that the Code of Conduct is adhered to and executed by each ANTAM Personnel on its respective line; the entire Company Partners (consultants, contractors and partners) must understand and comply with the  relevant provisions of the Code of Conduct; and the  entire  ANTAM  Personnel  including  will  give  a commitment statement to comply the Code of Conduct at least once a year. In the operations, ANTAM is committed to achieving the highest level of implementation of the values and business ethics. To achieve it, therefore: 1. 2. a. b. c. d.  24 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION  1.3 CORPORATE COMMITMENT

As a practical guide and a code of conduct for all ANTAM Personnel which must be obeyed in their daily interaction with all parties and should be used as the basis of reasoning in the decision-making process. As a means to create and maintain a positive work environment that supports ethical behavior of all of ANTAM Personnel. As a means to improve the sensitivity of the Company  and ANTAM Personnel to the values of business ethics by developing discussions or the development of the discourse on ethics. 1. 2. 3.  1.  The consistent implementation of the Code of Conduct are expected to provide long-term benefits, for: provide guidance to employees about the appropriate and inappropriate behavior in carrying out its duties and responsibilities in ANTAM.  Employees;  a.  25 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION  1.4 PURPOSES 1.5 BENEFITS

add to the belief that ANTAM is managed prudently, efficiently, transparently, accountably and fairly to reach the  level of profitability  expected  by  the  Shareholders  by  taking  into account of the interests of ANTAM.  create a harmonious relationship and mutual benefits with ANTAM. Increasing value of ANTAM will provide certainty and protection to the Stakeholders in relation with ANTAM, which in turn will create economic and social welfare for the community and other relevant parties.  3. 4.  create  a  work  environment  that  upholds  the  values of  honesty, ethics and openness that will improve the performance and productivity of employees as a whole. push ANTAM operations to be more efficient and effective given  the  relationship  with  customers,  communities, governments  and  other  Stakeholders  having  Code  of Conduct that must be taken into account. increase the value of ANTAM to provide certainty and protection to the Stakeholders in relation with ANTAM to produce a good reputation, which ultimately realize long- term success of the business. b. a. b  2.  Company; Shareholders; Stakeholders of the Company;  26 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION

Transparency  ANTAM  ensure  the  disclosure  of  material  and  relevant information about the performance, financial condition and other information in a clear, adequate and timely manner and easily  accessible to Stakeholders according their rights. The principle  of transparency does not reduce the obligation to  protect  confidential  information  about  ANTAM  and the Customer in  accordance with the prevailing laws and regulations.  Accountability  ANTAM  ensure  clarity  of  function,  implementation  and accountability  of  each  Company  Organs  (General  Meeting of Shareholders, the Board of Commissioners and Board of Directors) which allows management of ANTAM to be done effectively. Accountability refers to the obligation of a person or working organ of ANTAM related to the implementation of its authority and/or implementation of responsibilities imposed by ANTAM to the said person.  Responsibility  ANTAM  ensure  compliance  in  carrying  out  its  business activities based on a healthy corporate principles, fulfillment of obligations towards the government in accordance with the applicable law, active cooperation for shared benefits and strive to be able to make a significant contribution the community.  1. 2. 3.  ANTAM conducts its business activities in a accountable manner that reflect concern not only to Shareholders but also to other Stakeholders.  27 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION  1.6 PRINSIP-PRINSIP GCG

Independency  ANTAM  ensures  the  management  of  the  Company  in  a professional manner without conflict of interest and influence/ pressure from any party that is not in accordance with the legislation in force and the healthy corporate principles.  Fairness  ANTAM ensures fair and equal treatment in fulfilling the rights of stakeholders based on the applicable regulations. The entire ANTAM Personnel at all levels: Employee certain time. Outsorcing employee, and other person acting on behalf of ANTAM Board  of  Director,  Board  of  Commissioner,  employee  of subsidiaries and affiliates under control. Affiliates under control are subsidiary or other business entities owned by  ANTAM, either directly or indirectly, with more than 50% of the voting rights or of which ANTAM has the ability to control the business entity; ANTAM investors (Shareholders); ANTAM  partners  such  as  contractors,  consultants,  media, advocates, and other partners. The parties to abide by and implement the Code of Conduct are:  4. 5.  1. 2. 3. 4. 5.  28 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION  1.7 OBJECT OF THE CODE OF CONDUCT

To study in detail the Code of Conduct related to ones job. Each ANTAM Personnel should comprehend the Code of Conduct set forth in the Code of Conduct. To consultation with immediate superior, Division of Corporate Secretary, Division of Human Capital Management, Division of Legal & Compliance or the parties that have been  set by the Board of Directors, if ANTAM Personnel have  any questions regarding the implementation of the Code of Conduct. To immediately talk to the parties that have been determined by the Board of Directors, of any problems encountered on the possible violation of the Code of Conduct. To understand the procedures used to notify or report a possible violation of the Code of Conduct. Willing to cooperate in the investigation of the possible violation of the Code of Conduct. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.  29 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION  1.8 RESPONSIBILITIES OF ANTAM PERSONNEL

1.  To establish and to maintain a culture of compliance with the Code of Conduct by: a.  personally  encourage  compliance  with  the  Code  of Conduct. b.  perform regular surveillance on programs that aim to encourage adherence of ANTAM Personnel to Code of Conduct; and c.  provide a good example in how to behave and act in daily conduct. 2.  To ensure that each ANTAM Personnel understands that the observance of the Code of Conduct is as important as the achievement of performance; 3.  To encourage ANTAM Personnel to inquire about various issues of integrity and business ethics; 4.  To consider the problem of compliance with the Code of Conduct in evaluating and rewarding of ANTAM Personnel; 5.  To prevent the possible violation of the Code of Conduct through the efforts of:  30 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION  1.9 RESPONSIBILITIES OF ANTAM MANAGEMENT

a.  ensuring that the risk of possible violation of the Code of Conduct relating to business processes can be identified early and systematically; b.  identifying  and  reporting  in  accordance  with  the procedures established against activities of its subsidiaries, affiliates and partners that may lead to the  possibility of violation of the Code of Conduct; and c.  ensuring the implementation of education and training on the Code of Conduct for all ANTAM Personnel, subsidiaries, affiliates and outreach to partners so that the parties understand and grasp the Code of Conduct as a whole. 6.  To detect possible violation of the Code of Conduct by: a.  implement inherent monitoring to minimize the risk of possible violation of the Code of Conduct; b.  create reporting system of possible violation of the Code of Conduct and to protect the confidentiality of ANTAM Personnel who reported it; and c.  ensure  the  implementation  of  regular  evaluation  of the  implementation  of  the  Code  of  Conduct  by  the Internal  Audit  Division  to  assess  the  effectiveness  of the implementation and how to improve the existing weaknesses.  31 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION

7.  To follow up the report of a possible violation of the Code of Conduct by: a.  quickly  fixing  the  flaws  found  in  the  assessment  of compliance  on  the  implementation  of  the  Code  of Conduct; b.  providing appropriate disciplinary actions; and c.  consulting with Division of Legal & Compliance if the violation of the Code of Conduct that require intervention of law enforcement or the authorities.  32 CODE OF CONDUCT 1. INTRODUCTION

33 CODE OF CONDUCT

Relationship with Employees  ANTAM realizes that employees are the most important aspect in supporting the success of the Company.  Therefore ANTAM provide equal and the widest  opportunities for all employees to actively participate in achieving the vision and mission of the Company. Corporate Behavior Policy is an explanation of how the Company including the organs as a business entity behave ethically and act in an effort to balance ANTAM’s interests with all of Stakeholders interest in accordance with the GCG principles and healthy corporate values while maintaining Corporate profitability and sustainability. Some critical aspects are deemed necessary to be regulated in the Code of Conduct as a guidance of ANTAM in dealing with Stakeholders, both internal and external, among others, include the following:  2.1.1 2.1  BUSINESS ETHICS (concerning the standards of behavior that are applied by  the  Company  in  interacting  and  dealing  with Stakeholders)  34 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY

The Company honor and respect the rights and obligations of employees under the Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA) of ANTAM and the legislation in force. The Company treats employees as valuable assets that the Company will provide an equal opportunity for employees to  develop  their  potential  without  discrimination  of gender, ethnicity, religion, race and inter-group. The  Company  introduced  system  of  recruitment, promotion, and career development fairly in accordance with the competencies of each employee as well as the needs of the Company. The Company gives employees the freedom to express their opinions and aspirations in an ethical procedure and does not conflict with the applicable regulations of the company. The Company provide appropriate reward to employees who  performed  well  and  provide  strict  punishment against all forms of violations committed by employees. The  Company  supports  employees  to  have  the competence and tacit knowledge that is useful for the Company and other individuals within the Company. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6.  2.1.1.1 Code of Conduct  35 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY

ANTAM is committed to meet all sales contracts that have been agreed upon in an effort to increase customer satisfaction and fulfillment of supply to customers.  2.1.2 Relationship with Customers  Rights and Obligations of the Company and Employee as specified in the Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA). Work culture that does not support the creation of a dynamic and harmonious relationship. Functions of trade unions that is lacking in activity in bridging the relationship between the Company and Employee. External intervention that could affect the Company’s behavior towards a particular employee. Laws relating to employment. Personal  motive,  moral  hazard  of  the  employees incompatible with the Company’s aim, values and culture. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6.  2.1.1.2 Things to Consider  36 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY

To always work hard to provide the best production results with competitive prices. To always promote professional standards of service in order to satisfy the customers. To  always  pay  attention  to  the  needs  of  customers and  continually  monitor,  enhance  products,  through improvement of systematic labor standards supported by adequate technology. To always maintain the safety aspects and innovation at every stage of the process of development, production and distribution with a view to maintain the quality of products. Mutual respect to the interests of each party through a clear and fair contract terms (including the implementation process). Both  parties  are  also  mutually  carry  out  evaluation efforts for improvements and a more harmonious and constructive relationships Attitude and partnership relationship with customers. Changes in product prices and exchange rates. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 1. 2.  2.1.2.1 Code of Conduct 2.1.2.2 Things to Consider  37 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY

38 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Control of the process of development, production and distribution that affect the quality of the product. Process and legality of the sales contract. Applicable regulations in relation with trade. Control of the payment system used. The Result of Customer Satisfaction. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7. ANTAM bases Company relationship with its suppliers based on the principles of legitimate, efficient and fair business practices. ANTAM expects that each supplier to always upheld the legislation in force in dealing with ANTAM Personnel, among suppliers and ANTAM as a Company.  2.1.3 Relationship with Suppliers  To follow the entire regulations of goods and services procurement set by ANTAM, at the time of procurement for goods or services required. To provide an opportunity for small business suppliers, especially  local  entrepreneurs,  to  take  part  in  the procurement process or service in ANTAM. To use suppliers who meet the qualifications set by ANTAM and to consistently be able to meet the good quality standards of goods and services at a competitive and representative cost. 1. 2. 3.  2.1.3.1 Code of Conduct

39 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  To perform working relationship only with suppliers that comply with the applicable laws and regulations and the additional requirements of ANTAM, especially with regard to  employment,  the  environment,  health  and  safety, intellectual property rights and inappropriate payments. Both sides are also ought to carry out evaluation efforts for  the  improvement  and  a  more  harmonious  and constructive relationship. Selection of suppliers which is not through open bidding (tender) and not performed competitively And ignoring suppliers performance based on the database of the recorded in the Company. Potential conflict of interest in the selection of suppliers, including the receiving and giving (gratification/bribe) in the form of money, gifts, entertainment or other items of value, except as expressly set forth in the Company’s policies and the applicable procurement of goods and services policies. Supplier does not meet the ANTAM’s requirements of the Mining Safety. And Environment Occupational regulation andother regulations. Lack of control over the process of procurement of goods and services of the Company. 4. 5. 1. 2. 3. 4.  2.1.3.2 Things to Consider

40 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Practices of marking up the price and quantity and conformity of the quality/technical specification, collusion between suppliers in pricing (price fixing) as well as in the division of work (bid pooling) and the reliance on one supplier in a long-term. The use of e-procurement in the procurement process. The Result of supplier satisfaction 5. 6. 7. In conducting its business activities, ANTAM is committed to do so in a manner that can be accounted for so that ANTAM has always been committed to implement a healthy competition and view competitors as a stimulus for the Company to always provide the best for customers and other parties concerned.  2.1.4. Relationship with Competitors  To maintain good relationships and respect the existence of competitors. To show a healthy competitive and ethical behavior in accordance with the provisions of the Company and the applicable laws and regulations. 1. 2.  2.1.4.1 Code of Conduct

41 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  ANTAM is committed to build relationships with all agencies and government officials (Regulators) based on the standards of business ethics and the applicable laws and regulations.  2.1.5 Relationship with Regulators  To avoid business relationship and cooperation tend to be inappropriate, to benefit certain parties and at the expense of the interests of consumers. To make a competitor as a benchmark in order to improve the performance of the company. Having a relationship with certain parties within the competitor that could potentially harm one of the parties such as any insider information on both sides. Negative promotions with the intent to drop competitors. Provoked by unhealthy business practices carried out by competitors. Potential unethical recruitment of ANTAM’s employee by competitors 3. 4. 1. 2. 3. 4.  2.1.4.2 Things to Consider

42 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Subject to the applicable laws and regulations particularly regarding relations with the Government. To build a harmonious relationship with the Government both as the Regulator and as Shareholders (in a separate context). To require all ANTAM’s business partners to adhere  to the code of conduct in relationship with the Government applied by ANTAM and the applicable laws and regulations. To uphold the principles of GCG-TARIF in relations with all the agencies and Government officials. Any  reports,  statements,  certifications  and  requests addressed to the Government should be transparent, clear, accurate, complete and does not contain issues that can be interpreted incorrectly. To always put forward the principles of GCG in each licensing process. Specific requirements or the imposition of unauthorized charges in connection with the licensing process issued by the Government. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. 1.  2.1.5.1 Code of Conduct 2.1.5.2 Things to Consider

43 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Submission of Company information or data which is inaccurate or incomplete required by the Government. Violation  of  the  Government  regulations  regarding the  prohibition  of  gratification  regulations  regarding entertainment. Be  aware  of  “negative  cultural  imposition”  which contradicts with the Corporate values and culture. To always uphold the commitment that wherever the Company’s working unit operates, good relationships and development of surrounding community are the basic foundations for long-term success of the Company. To  always  appreciate  any  partnership  activity  that contributes to the community and improve social values and the Company’s image. To cooperate with organizations, community institutions, central and local Government to achieve the shared commitment of the partnership program based on mutual trust and in line with the principle of openness. 2. 3. 4. 1. 2. 3.  2.1.6.1 Code of Conduct  In line with Principle of Good Corporate Citizen, the Company will not be able to grow without engaging the surrounding communities to grow and develop together.  2.1.6 Relationship with the Surrounding Communities

44 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  To develop and to promote mechanisms of dialogue with surrounding institutions, in hopes to formulate a more rational and effective policy. To appreciate and to respect the local wisdom. To actively participate in positive activities undertaken by the communities around the area of operation. To empower and to provide added value to people’s lives around the area of operations. Sensitivity and harmonization of the issues faced by the community around the operations of the Company. The  principle  of  information  disclosure  and  active partnership. Inequality of economic levels of the community  around the area of operations of the Company. Promoting balance of the ecosystem and the environment. Efforts to achieve a win-win solution to the problems which may arise. 4. 5. 6. 7. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.  2.1.6.2 Things to Consider

45 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  That the process of communication with Investors and shareholders shall only be done through one door (one door policy) with the knowledge and approval of the Board of Directors (in the context of material issues) and communicated through Corporate Secretary Division. Each reporting, statements, and disclosure of information to  Investors  must  be  transparent,  clear,  accurate, consistent, complete and does not contain issues that can be misinterpreted except for information which the Directors have a justifiable reason for not giving it. The  potential  for  jealousy/social  gap  in  certain communities around the area of operations. Provocation  by  certain  public  elements  to  drive  the communities around the area of operations in act of anarchy. Demand for personal interests through an illegitimate mechanism as well as the existence of certain political interests. 1. 2. 6. 7. 8.  2.1.7.1 Code of Conduct  ANTAM Personnel is committed to continually working  hard for the Company to experience continuous growth based on mutually beneficial business standards to be able to provide optimum added value to the Shareholders.  2.1.7 Relationship with Investors and Shareholders

46 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Every  Investors  and  Shareholders  will  be  subject  to ANTAM’s  Articles  of  Association  and  all  resolutions adopted lawfully in the GMS. Provide  equal  (fair)  treatment  to  Shareholders  and Investors to be able to exercise their rights according to the Articles of Association and the applicable laws and regulations. Maintain the clarity of accountability and independency, prohibit the Shareholders to intervene in the operations of the Company which is the responsibility of the Board of Directors in accordance with the Articles of Association and the applicable laws and regulations. 3. 4. 5. Transformation and accountability of information issued by the Company. Dissemination of inaccurate or incomplete information or  data  of  the  Company  required  by  Investors  and Shareholders. Violation on regulations issued by the OJK (Otoritas Jasa Keuangan/Financial  Services  Authority),  the  Indonesia Stock  Exchange  (BEI)  and  the  Australian  Securities Exchange (ASX). 1. 2. 3.  2.1.7.2 Things to Consider

47 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Determination of dividends decided by the Shareholders in the General Meeting of Shareholders, based on the interests of the Company, by taking into account at a variety of issues such as business continuity, dividend investment plans. 4. In achieving its vision and mission, ANTAM seeks to  continue to develop its business with supported by funding both from Investors and Creditors. In a relationship with a  Creditors, ANTAM is committed to always apply behaviors based on the existing work ethic and the applicable laws and regulations.  2.1.8 Relationship with Creditors  That all the elections of Creditors held for the benefit and  development of Company business and be able to create added value for the company. The election process is implemented in accordance with the principles of GCG while maintaining the credibility and reputation of Creditors. The Company continues to provide actual and relevant information and can be accounted for and refer to the applicable disclosure policy of the Company. 1. 2.  2.1.8.1 Code of Conduct

48 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  The Company is committed to fulfill the rights of Creditors in  accordance  with  the  Company  policies  and  the applicable laws and regulations or agreement reached by both parties. 3. Distribution  of  inaccurate  or  incomplete  Company information required by Creditors. The ability of the Company to fulfill the rights of Creditors. Anticipation of the possibility of the occurrence of the unexpected (force majeure) both from the company and the creditor. All applicable laws and regulations related to the rights and obligations of Creditors. 1. 2. 3. 4.  2.1.8.2 Things to Consider  In  developing  the  business,  the  Company  may  establish subsidiaries or cooperate to form a Joint Venture. Relationship with its subsidiaries and joint venture is carried out in order to build synergies and a better image, and can improve the performance and is able to provide economical added value to the Company.  2.1.9 Relationship with Subsidiaries/Joint Ventures

49 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  2.1.9.1 Code of Conduct  ANTAM Personnel maintains any business relationship with its subsidiaries and joint ventures to be undertaken within the framework of normal business relations as befits business relationships developed with unaffiliated parties (arm’s length relationship). Respect  the  interests  of  each  party  through  mutual cooperation agreement. The existence of subsidiaries/joint ventures should be able to create economical added value for the parent company and be able to support the sustainability of the Company. Applicable policy in a subsidiary/joint ventures should be in line and refers to the policy prevailing in ANTAM. The  effectiveness  of  control  (span  of  control)  over subsidiary/joint ventures which related to governance implementation in subsidairies. Interventions to the operational activities of the subsidiary/ joint ventures with in consideration of the GCG principles. Cooperation agreement that is unbalanced and legally flawed. 1. 2. 3. 4. 1. 2. 3.  2.1.9.2 Things to Consider

50 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Financial  transactions  that  could  deviate  from  the regulations of state treasury (transfer pricing). Motive of “window dressing” of parent company financial statements based on the performance of its subsidiaries/ joint ventures. Dependence of the funding to the hold Company. To  make  the  mass  media  as  a  partner  to  promote relationships based on openness and mutual respect so that the Company will always strive to deliver relevant and accurate information in accordance with the applicable provisions  of  the  Company  and  not  in  violation  of journalistic ethics. 4. 5. 6. 1. ANTAM believes that by building and developing relationships with the media, the Company can reach out to the public in order to improve the image, confidence, and achievement of the objectives of the Company. Therefore, the company strives to always provide accurate and accountable information to the public.  2.1.10 Relationship with the Media 2.1.10.1 Code of Conduct

51 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  To  receive  and  follow  up  the  constructive  criticisms delivered through the media while considering the risks and costs aspects. Submission of all information material to the media, especially material information must be the information that has been published (public information) as further stipulated in the Company’s internal policies. ANTAM Personnel who can convey information to the media are ANTAM Personnel who has been approved or designated by management or other parties of authority. Any information submitted to the national media both at Head Office and unit/business unit must be coordinated with the Division of Corporate Secretary, while for the information to be submitted to the local media must be coordinated with the Public Relations/ External Relations at each unit/business/project unit and informed to the Division of Corporate Secretary. ANTAM Personnel representing the company in delivering its tacit knowledge must be at the knowledge or consent of the immediate superior or the superior’s immediate superior or competent authority. Weak control on the spread of information through the media that harm the Company, primarily related to unit/ business unit that is located far from the Head Office. 2. 3. 4. 5.. 6. 1.  2.1.10.2  Issues of Note

52 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Procedures that ensure the delivery of information to the media shall be made by parties designated by the Company as set out in the Company’s Internal Policies and must be done with the right procedures. All forms of giving and receiving gifts from and to the media that contains personal or group interests and potentially detrimental to the Company. Dissemination  of  inaccurate  information  by  certain elements, but on behalf of the media, including biased information and interpretation errors. 2. 3. 4. As a company that carried out a lot of international trade, ANTAM has always tried to respect all international laws and regulations related to international trade.  2.1.11 International Trade  To  follow  all  relevant  international  trade  regulations, including  licensing,  shipping  documentation,  export and import documentation, reporting and storage of documents required. To ensure that all ANTAM’s international transactions has been examined by reference of related legislation. 1. 2.  2.1.11.1 Code of Conduct

53 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  ANTAM  Personnel  is  committed  to  continuously  develop themselves by enhancing their knowledge and insights that can best contribute to the Company through a media of community/ professional organizations.  2.1.12 Relationship with the Community/Professional Organizations  To consult with Division of Legal & Compliance of the Company in the event of a conflict with the rules or laws of the country of destination. Trade relations in international context should be based on the principle of mutual respect and understanding the authority set in between the two sides. Customers are not well known and with no any convincing reference. Transaction  or  inappropriate  payments  and  potential money laundering of transactions. Transactions  involving  embargoed  country,  citizen  or representative of embargoed countries as well as the individual or entity being sanctioned by the Government. The role of mediation in resolving issues that may arise. The increased intensity of marketing activities with foreign partners with varying transaction model 3. 4. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.  2.1.11.2 Things to Consider

54 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  To comply with the code of conduct of relationship between members which is governed in the community/ professional organizations. To always maintain working relationship to the widest possible with the community/professional organizations to increase knowledge/hard skills/soft skills. To support to strengthen the community/professional organizations actively, set priorities of engagement, and contribute to improving the quality of the community/ professional organizations as long as it does not disturb/ conflict  with  the  duties  and  responsibilities  in  the Company. To  work  closely  with  the  community/professional organizations to achieve a shared commitment on the development  of  knowledge  management  for  ANTAM Personnel and parties outside of ANTAM. Submission of confidential information related to the Company to parties who do not have the authority to obtain data and information of the Company. Community  regulations  relating  to  community/ professional organizations. Potential competence of ANTAM Personnel shall be the counter-examples and bring the image of ANTAM to the community/professional organizations events. 1. 2. 3. 4. 1. 2. 3.  2.1.12.1 Code of Conduct 2.1.12.2 Things to Consider

Compliance with Laws  Compliance with Laws ANTAM realizes that compliance with laws and legislation is a standard for the Company to conduct its business in a reasonable manner so that all applicable laws and regulations must be internalized and implemented in any business activities of the Company.  WORK ETHICS (concerning ANTAM Personnel’s code of conduct in carrying out the work and in interaction) 2.2  2.2.1  55 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Each ANTAM Personnel must comply with and subject to applicable laws and prevailing regulations and implement them consistently. Each ANTAM Personnel should avoid any action and behavior that can lead to violation of the law and decency. To  promote  settlement  through  deliberation  and consensus in every issue and if it does not reach an agreement thereafter shall use legal recourse and each ANTAM Personnel are obliged to respect the ongoing legal process and the resulting decisions. 1. 2. 3.  2.2.1.1  Code of Conduct

Conflict of Interest  ANTAM realizes that every ANTAM Personnel have the right to participate in financial, business, social, cultural, political activities and other legitimate activities outside of work with regard to its obligations to the Company.  These activities must be lawful and free of conflicts of interest with their responsibilities as ANTAM Personnel. ANTAM Personnel must  2.2.2  56 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Not to conduct unlawful cooperation with other parties at the expense of the Company. Each ANTAM Personnel must comprehend the applicable laws and regulations in the context of the work, including with other related fields. The Company’s internal policies to deal with cases or violation of law conducted by ANTAM Personnel. Control of ANTAM Personnel legal compliance outside of office hours in the name of activities of the Company. ANTAM Personnel who have a relationship with the parties involved in legal issues. Socialization  of  understanding  of  the  applicable  law, including the implementation of other best practices. 4. 5. 1. 2. 3. 4.  2.2.1.2 Things to Consider

not abuse company resources or influence in order to discredit the image and reputation of the Company.  57 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  To inform ANTAM Personnel activities in the field of financial activities outside the Company or any other business or any relationships that may pose a conflict of interest. ANTAM Personnel are obliged to provide all of that information regarding that matter in a written explanation to the superior, the Division of Human Capital Management or the Division of Legal & Compliance of the Company. To avoid actions or relationships that could create conflict or moral hazard with work or ANTAM’s interests. To  refrain  from  acts  of  abuse  of  ANTAM  resources, intellectual property, time and ANTAM’s facilities including office equipment such as telephone, facsimile, email, computers and others. Prohibition of ANTAM Personnel who have a conflict of interest to participate in discussions and decision-making process. 1. 2. 3. 4.  2.2.2.1  Code of Conduct

58 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  5. 6. The Board of Directors and Board of Commissioners to make an annual statement related to conflicts of interest. To ensure that parties who potentially have conflict of interests and moral hazard are not conducting it in which the concerned party status are as ANTAM Personnel. Having a relationship with a company in which ANTAM Personnel  can  personally  affect  ANTAM  business relationship with the company. Performing part-time job where ANTAM Personnel can be compelled to perform such work during office hours on or use of equipment or material of ANTAM and without the knowledge of their immediate superior or superior of the superior or an authorized officer. Receiving gifts from suppliers, customers, competitors or other Stakeholders while ANTAM Personnel are in a position to influence or deemed to be able to affect ANTAM decision on the giver. Receiving personal or group discounts or other benefits from a supplier, service provider or customer, which is not given to the general public or other ANTAM Personnel in similar situations. 5. 6. 1. 2. 3. 4.  2.2.2.2 Things to Consider

59 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Accepting an offer to buy shares of another company, whereas the ANTAM Personnel in performing his work is related to the company. Giving special treatment to a supplier owned or managed by the family or close friends. Abusing ANTAM resources, position or influence ANTAM Personnel to promote or assist the other party without the knowledge or consent of the authorities. Having special preferences in hiring or making decisions such as; promotion of the spouse, family or close friends. Personal relationships, or other relationships that could create  a  conflict  of  interest  with  the  responsibilities of ANTAM Personnel or may cause the emergence of compromise in the interests of ANTAM. 5 6. 7. 8. 9. In conducting its business, ANTAM is committed to do  the business fairly and without taking action that leads to all forms of fraud and corruption. In accordance with Law No. 31 1999 corruption formulated into thirty forms/ types of corruption that can be grouped into : financial loss of the state assets, bribery, embezzlement in position, extortion, cheating, conflict  2.2.3  Giving and Receiving

60 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  of interest in procurement, gratification. In ANTAM’s code of conduct, those things are implicit in the whole content of Business Ethics Chapter and Work Ethics, especially in points of Conflict of Interest, Inappropriate Payment, and Monitoring and Use of Assets. Related to giving and receiving of gift or assistance in the work from other party or a third party outside of the Company that may cause conflict of interest as well as the decline of public trust confidence to the integrity of the company is also designed specifically. Strict prohibition of ANTAM Personnel perform acts of corruption, including acts of bribery in any form, either directly or indirectly. Strict prohibition of giving or promise, either directly or indirectly, a gift to the parties associated with the Company, which the administration is known or reasonably suspected to be used to influence or drive the parties to do or not do something in a position that is contrary to its obligations. ANTAM  may  give  donations/contributions  associated with ANTAM’s responsibility of the surroundings and the 1. 2. 3.  2.2.3.1  Code of Conduct

61 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  All forms of receiving and giving (gratification/bribe) in the form of money, gifts, entertainment. ANTAM’s profit to be collected for the benefit of the Shareholder will not be used for the benefit of the donation. donation shall not be related to politics or to influence ANTAM. All expenses related to the donation and contribution must obtain the appropriate authorization and can be accounted for transparently. Strict prohibition of receiving gifts from any party, who is known and reasonably alleged that the gift was given to drive in order to do or not do something in his position, which is contrary to his duty.This Restriction include giving/receiving direct or indirectly purpose to ANTAM Personnel or on behalf of ANTAM Personnel Strict prohibition of cutting or taking payment in any amount to a third party in return for the performance of ones duties and obligations. To ensure all revenue and expenditure are used for the Company operations. 1. 2. 4. 5. 6. 7.  2.2.3.2 Things to Consider

62 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Donation/contribution for other purposes should only be carried out in accordance with the applicable regulations with emphasis on the principles of accountability and transparency, which possibly may take the form of: a.  Giving  to  small  business  development  activities, contribution  to  social  and  religious  activities,  and research for educational purposes. b.  Giving as a promotion of the Company. 3. ANTAM believes that human rights are something that is universal. As an integral part of society, ANTAM encourage efforts to ensure the fulfillment of human rights and to consider every consequences of operations on surrounding communities. ANTAM is committed to ensure that every Company’s operations do not violate the principles of human rights.  2.2.4 Equality and Respect for Human Rights  To ensure that all ANTAM Personnel comprehend the laws and regulations regarding human rights. To  ensure  that  the  community  around  the  area  of operations/mining are also enjoying the welfare and the value added created by ANTAM and respect the rights they have. 1. 2.  2.2.4.1  Code of Conduct

63 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  The negative impact of ANTAM operating activities for the welfare of the surrounding community. Worsening relationships or conflicts with employees and surrounding communities, the Government, NGOs, and other relevant Stakeholders. The involvement of the security forces which is counter- productive and abuse of power. Violation of the rights associated with ownership of the surrounding community. 1. 2. 3. 4.  2.2.4.2 Things to Consider  To  promote  human  rights  principles  in  dealing  with conflicts that may occur with the public, employees, and other Stakeholders. To  perform  analysis  related  to  human  rights  and cooperating with organizations outside of the Company such  as  the  Government,  NGOs,  and  other  relevant Stakeholders at an early stage of any business development process, especially in the social impact analysis in the preparation of the EIA document. To cooperate with the Government, NGOs and other relevant  Stakeholders  in  order  to  avoid  violation  of the rights associated with the ownership of the local community. 3. 4 5.

64 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Violation to culture and indigenous communities around the area of operation. The use of violence which is not in accordance with the  applicable  laws  and  regulations  to  resolve  the problems associated with labor issues or the surrounding community. The use of children labor. According to the Labor Law No. 13 of 2003, the definition of a child is a male or female aged less than 13 (thirteen). 5. 6. 7. ANTAM is committed to create equal employment opportunities, including the prohibition against all forms of discrimination and disorientation. ANTAM provide equal opportunities and fair treatment to all ANTAM Personnel.  2.2.5  Fair Employment Opportunity  To  comply  with  applicable  labor  laws,  including  the regulations governing freedom of association, assembly and expression. To  use  the  criteria  of  ability,  qualifications  (such  as education,  experience,  competence,  etc.)  and  other criteria related to the job as the sole basis for all decisions relating to ANTAM Personnel and job applicants. 1. 2.  2.2.5.1  Code of Conduct

65 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Uncomfortable work environment such as telling jokes or show items mocking or offending members of society or other relevant Stakeholder of a particular ethnicity or race. Workforce recruitment, training, promotion, termination, compensation  administration  and  provision  of  other terms equally regardless of religious background/beliefs, race/ethnicity,  personal  relationships  (friendships  and kinship), skin color, nationality, sex (gender), age, disability or any other characteristic protected by law. To create a work environment free of harassment, such as harassment against someone due to religious background/ beliefs, race/ethnicity, skin color, nationality, sex (gender), age, disability or any other characteristic protected by law. To respect ANTAM Personnel’s personal rights to use, maintain and store their personal data in accordance with the instructions and procedures. For the interests of the company, ANTAM has the right to monitor the use of Company assets such as computers, email,  telephone,  information  concerning  intellectual property rights owned by ANTAM and so on in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations. 1. 3. 4. 5. 6.  2.2.5.2 Things to Consider

66 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Considering on the race, personal relationships or groups (friendship  and  kinship),  skin  color,  religion,  national origin,  sex  (gender),  age,  disability  (disabled)  or  any other characteristic protected by law, as a factor in hiring, promoting, compensating, or other decisions related to ANTAM Personnel. Expressing things that has sexual associations and SARA (ethnicity, religion, race, and inter-group relations) which is objectionable with any other ANTAM personnel. Performing violation against the labor law. Refusing to cooperate with a particular individual or group because of race, religion, sex and so on. Notifying ANTAM Personnel’s data and information to any other person who do not have the interests of business, authority or consent of the subject concerned. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6. ANTAM  Personnel  are  prohibited  from  offering  or  giving anything of value to obtain a certain advantage or preferential treatment in the conduct of the sale of goods or provision of services  or  perform  financial  transactions  to  government officials or parties outside ANTAM.  2.2.6  Inappropriate Payments

67 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Inappropriate Payments Policy regulate the code of conduct and practice of ANTAM concerning specific payments, entertainment and political contributions, both to the Government officials as well as parties outside of ANTAM. ANTAM do not tolerate practices that do not meet this policy. ANTAM will process further violation of this policy in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations. In any circumstances, it is strictly forbidden to give, offer or authorize supply, either directly or indirectly, anything of value (money, goods or services) to Government officials and parties outside of ANTAM to gain an inappropriate and/or preferential treatment. This  policy  does  not  prohibit  the  granting  of  legal compensation,  e.g.  for  accommodation  and  travel expenses  incurred  by  the  parties  outside  of  ANTAM directly related to the promotion of products and services of ANTAM, business development process of ANTAM or the execution of a contract. It is strictly forbidden to give gifts or other payments to the parties outside of ANTAM and Government officials to expedite the administrative action (facilitating payment). 1. 2. 3.  2.2.6.1  Code of Conduct

68 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  It  is  strictly  forbidden  to  donate  Company  funds  or Company assets for political purposes both onshore and offshore. To require partners to work to comply with the provisions of inappropriate payments and all laws and regulations relating to such matters. Prior to working with third parties, ANTAM should carefully inspect for compliance with such third parties on the code of conduct on inappropriate payments. To perform the procedure for payment according to applicable policies and regulations or in accordance with contract that has been agreed by both parties. Completion  of  the  payment  in  accordance  with  the applicable policies or according to contracts agreed upon by both parties, and free from all forms of conflicts of interest. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. The  third  party  who  has  a  working  relationship  or representing ANTAM that: a.  been accused of illegal business activities; b.  been involved in cases of inappropriate payments or has a bad reputation regarding inappropriate payments; 1.  2.2.6.2 Things to Consider

69 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  c.  having  relationships  with  the  parties  that  can influence  the  consumer’s  or  the  Government’s decision inappropriately; d.  approaching ANTAM Personnel at the time the decision  to  be  taken  and  explained  that  the particular third party has a special arrangement with Government official or customer; e.  urgent to receive commission of payments before ANTAM do announcements about decisions taken. Setiap  pembayaran  komisi  atau  pembayaran  lainnya yang dilakukan di negara lain atau tempat lain di luar Perusahaan atau dengan menggunakan nama orang atau institusi lain. Adanya  potensi  tindakan/aktivitas  pencucian  uang  (money laundering) . 2. 3. Policy of data and information confidentiality of the Company is prepared to ensure information security and to ensure that the data and information that needs to be disclosed by ANTAM, be delivered fairly and equally to the parties concerned without any preferential treatment to certain parties in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations  2.2.7  Confidentiality of Data and Information

70 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Each ANTAM Personnel are not permitted to discuss “material information” about the Company to anyone. This prohibition includes the husband or wife, partner at home, relatives, relatives of partner at home, the broker and other ANTAM Personnel (except co-workers who need to know about that matters). Each ANTAM Personnel are not allowed to trade the Company’s shares if they have information that could affect  ANTAM  stock  price  (insider  trading)  including the close period (i.e. the period in which people in the company are not allowed to conduct securities trading activities in the form of the company’s shares). Data and information regarded as confidential including business  plans  and  the  Company  strategies  unless such information which has been published officially by the Company, information on mineral reserves, the results of research and development which are used in the production process, and the standard operating procedures of the Company, internal documents signed by company managers, intellectual property rights or data and other important information that could affect the Company’s performance when published out of ANTAM. For the entire ANTAM Personnel who are still working in ANTAM,  the  Company  strictly  prohibits  unauthorized use or provision of data and confidential information to 1. 2. 3. 4.  2.2.7.1 Code of Conduct

71 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  external parties without the knowledge of the Corporate Secretary or authorized officer. ANTAM Personnel who no longer work in the Company, is strictly prohibited to retrieve data and confidential information before leaving the Company. All documents that have been made ANTAM Personnel in question, become the property of the Company fully. Before leaving the Company, ANTAM Personnel are not allowed to bring any documents. The Company respects the rights of ownership of the data and information of other companies and require ANTAM Personnel to comply with all laws and regulations relating to the issue of ownership of data and information. Collecting data and information regarding other company are allowed as long as all the data and information is obtained from legitimate sources, such as the mass media or the press release from that particular company. Company strictly prohibits the collection of data and external information that is carried out illegally, such as spying, stealing data and information, or by falsifying identity. It is not allowed to search for confidential data and information from ANTAM Personnel who recently moved from another company. 5. 6. 7. 8. 9.

72 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Efforts  to  collect  data  and  information  from  other companies must be carried out with the knowledge of the relevant Division leaders. For ANTAM Personnel who no longer work at the company, ANTAM strictly prohibits the falsification of identities by using the name of ANTAM to acquire data and confidential information from other companies. If there are doubts or problems that arise in connection with the issue of data and information of the Company, please contact the Corporate Secretary. 10. 11. 12. Insufficient control such as things that allow access for any other person or entity who is not authorized to the material data and information of ANTAM. Submission or request of delivery of confidential data and information of ANTAM or regarding customers and suppliers of ANTAM by parties who do not have the authority to obtain such data and information. Submission  or  reception  of  data  and  non-public information about ANTAM or any other company that may influence the decision to buy or sell shares or securities of 1. 2. 3.  2.2.7.2 Things to Consider

73 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  ANTAM or that particular other company, which allegedly is inside information. Dissemination of material data and information or internal documents of ANTAM by a third party who previously had cooperation with ANTAM. 4. Code of conduct of monitoring and use of assets is intended to ensure that all physical, financial, intellectual property and other assets are optimally used and protected.  2.2.8  Monitoring and Use of Assets  ANTAM adhere the accounting and reporting standards generally accepted in the recording and reporting of the Company’s assets. All  company  assets  should  be  used  effectively  and efficiently to achieve Company goals. All of the Company’s assets both physical, financial and other must be protected from unauthorized use, embezzlement and fraud, moral hazard and abuse of power. ANTAM Personnel are prohibited from using the Company’s assets other than for the benefit of the Company. 1. 2. 3. 4.  2.2.8.1 Code of Conduct

74 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  The Company must implement an effective and efficient control process on the use of the Company’s assets to avoid losses that may occur in the future. ANTAM Personnel are obliged to report indication or occurrence of fraud in the Company at an early stage, to the immediate superior, Division of Human Capital Management, Division of Legal & Compliance and the parties who have been appointed by Directors or through the mechanism of Whistleblowing System. 5. 6. The use of the Company’s assets other than for the benefit of the Company. Physical assets or other resources are overused, transferred or written off illegally. Weak control on the existing assets in the unit/ business unit/project is located away from the Head Office. The absence of effective controls to protect the Company’s assets from risk of loss, fraud and anticipation of the extraordinary factors and other force majeure. Inaccurate financial records such as miscalculation of cost of living and travel, invoices or wrong office hours. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.  2.2.8.2 Things to Consider

75 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Unreliable and biased assets documentation because of an inappropriate method and interpretation of policies. The  mechanism  of  the  elimination  of  asset  should be carried out according to the applicable laws and regulations. 6. 7. ANTAM Mining is committed to achieve a high Standard of Mining Safety and Environment. This is a shared responsibility of the management and the entire ANTAM Personnel.  2.2.9  Mining Safety and Environment  To  comply  with  all  applicable  laws  and  regulations concerning  mining  safety  and  environment,  both nationally and internationally. To create and maintain safe work environment and prevent accidents in the workplace. To reduce waste, emissions and the use of hazardous and toxic materials (B3). To eliminate unreasonable risks either from operating activities and the products being produced. To address environmental pollution problems effectively and efficiently. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.  2.2.9.1 Code of Conduct

76 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Every  ANTAM  Personnel  must  be  trained  regarding legislation and company policies regarding mining safety and environmen. Every ANTAM Personnel must understand and comply with all established procedures of mining safety and environmen. Every ANTAM Personnel must be willing to carry out a medical examination, if deemed necessary by ANTAM management. ANTAM Personnel prohibited from engaging in abuse of narcotics, psychotropic substances and drugs as well as other drugs that are banned based on regulations 6. 7. 8. 9. Unsafe activities or conditions namely: a.  negligent  use  of  safety  devices  such  as  safety helmets, safety shoes, safety goggles, ear plugs, life vest and so on; b.  chemicals that are not labeled; c.  exposed and unsafe electrical wiring; d.  obstructed fire exits; e.  other matters as set out in the ANTAM Internal Policy. Failure to comply with the rules and procedures regarding health and safety and the environment. 1. 2.  2.2.9.2 Things to Consider

77 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  ANTAM Personnel must respect IPR of any other party because of any unauthorized use of IPR of others could result in ANTAM bear civil lawsuits and damages. Complaints about health and safety arising from ANTAM Personnel. abuse of narcotics, psychotropic substances and drugs as well as other drugs that are banned based on regulation when doing his duty or outside working hours so as to give rise to obstacles and interference in the work Hazards or accidents and environmental damage that arises. Inability to reduce the number and impact of hazardous and toxic materials (B3). Update on the applicable policies and regulations used as a reference. 1. 3. 4. 5. 6. 7.  2.2.10.1 Code of Conduct  Intellectual property rights (including patents, trade secrets, trademarks,  copyrights,  and  other  proprietary  information owned by Company) is one of the most valuable assets for any company.  2.2.10  Intellectual Property Rights (IPR)

78 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  All ANTAM Personnel must participate actively to protect intellectual property rights owned by ANTAM. ANTAM  Personnel  who  participated/worked  in  the development of a process or product that will be used by ANTAM, or ANTAM Personnel who related to the process or product as the property of ANTAM both during the work and after the ANTAM Personnel has no longer work for ANTAM. All ANTAM Personnel must inform the work they produced both during and outside office hours, if the work is related to the business or operations ANTAM. ANTAM is entitled to all the benefits (exclusive benefits) of the patent, mining rights, and others associated with the work mentioned above. All  ANTAM  Personnel  must  sign  a  statement  of confidentiality and willingness to help ANTAM in the process of obtaining intellectual property rights on behalf of ANTAM. Maintain and respect the IPR of other party both inside and outside the company. 2. 3. 4. 5. 6

79 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Receiving information related to intellectual property rights from outsiders, without first consulting with Division of Legal & Compliance, where there are conditions of confidentiality that must be maintained. Hiring  someone  who  used  to  work  at  a  competitor without providing protection and prevention so that the person does not divulge or use a competitor’s proprietary information. Introducing a new product or service, or the name of a new product or service, before checking the violation of patent or trademark. Talking about intellectual property rights and information related to the intellectual property rights of ANTAM with customers or suppliers without going through a formal procedure which has been established by ANTAM. Delivering or leaking information on new products or services before a patent application is done or the decision not to make a request is formally made by ANTAM. 1. 2. 3. 4. 5.  2.2.10.2 Things to Consider

80 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Not to put pressure or intimidation against fellow co- workers, superiors or subordinates to particular interests, either personal or interests of any other parties, internal and external. ANTAM Personnel are not permitted to perform the action or utterance which contains the elements of abuse of ethnicity, religion, race, customs, sex (gender) and other things that are contrary to the norms of decency and morality as use of harsh, demeaning, and profane words against a fellow employee. ANTAM Personnel are prohibited from taking action that involves physical and non-physical threat against other employees. 1. 2. 3.  2.2.11.1  Code of Conduct  ANTAM  is  fully  committed  to  creating  a  harmonious  and comfortable working atmosphere in the environment of the Company’s through efforts to establish the character of ANTAM Personnel which is discipline and ethical in everyday interaction both among fellow employee as well as superior and subordinate relationships through various forms of communication, either directly or indirectly.  2.2.11  Ethical Behavior towards Fellow Employees Fellow Employee Relationships

81 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Not to perform or act of hostility or any form of provocation against  co-workers,  superiors  and  subordinates  for personal or certain groups gains deemed detrimental to the Company. Avoiding all forms of unfair competition and the abuse of position for specific interests. Having an open and mutual respect towards the possibility of dissenting opinion in formulating a decision. Maintaining the honor of ANTAM Personnel within and outside the Company. Establishing the relationship between ANTAM Personnel which is constructive and beneficial to each other for improvement of the Company. Superiors and subordinates always tried to be open and establish equal and harmonious relationship based on mutual respect and appreciation. Superiors are willing to give an example of a good attitude and behavior to become role models for subordinates. 4. 5. 6. 7. 8. 1. 2.  Superiors and Subordinates Relationships

82 CODE OF CONDUCT 2. CORPORATE BEHAVIOUR POLICY  Superiors and subordinates shall respect the ideas and different opinions being expressed. Having  high  integrity,  loyalty  and  dedication  to  the interests and improvement of the Company. Using polite language and does not contain elements of gender discrimination and harassment of the respective ethnicity, race, religion, and belief. Interaction of fellow employee or superior-subordinate who put personal interests or a particular group above the interests of the Company. The participation of employees in the organization or association that is not recognized by the government and embrace the values that are inconsistent with the values espoused by the Company. Activities  causing  the  loss  of  working  hours  and  or concentration of employee and fail to prioritize duties and responsibilities as an employee. 3. 4. 5. 1. 2. 3.  2.2.11.2 Things to Consider

83 CODE OF CONDUCT

84 CODE OF CONDUCT 3. IMPLEMENTATION GUIDELINES  3.1 VIOLATIONS  Violation is an attitude, action or behavior that deviate from the Code of Conduct. Violation include, but are not limited to: 1.  lack of discipline; 2.  embezzlement; 3.  disclosure of information, data, documents which is confidential to ANTAM to both internal and external Stakeholders; 4.  falsification of financial statements for personal use that can harm ANTAM both material and non-material; 5.  abuse of ANTAM’s assets for personal, relatives and or siblings gains; 6.  abuse of Psychotropic (Narcotics) such as being drunk, drinking intoxicating liquor, selling/buying in the work environment, as well as distributing, selling/buying, using, drugs or other drugs that are prohibited by laws and regulations in the environment/ facilities of the Company; 7.  As for the further provisions regarding the category, the level of violation and punishment stipulated in detail in the Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA) which is an internal agreement reached by ANTAM with the Union of Aneka Tambang Employees (Perpantam).

85 CODE OF CONDUCT 3. IMPLEMENTATION GUIDELINES  3.2 VIOLATIONS REPORT  Sometimes it is very difficult to identify when there are issues relating to the Code of Conduct. In work places where there is interaction between ANTAM Personnel, there are different perspectives and the existence of the business pressures, this can reduce the awareness and sensitivity of ANTAM Personnel on the risk of violation of ethics. Every ANTAM Personnel are responsible for behaving in accordance with the Code of Conduct. If ANTAM Personnel feel hesitant in judging whether actions or decisions will be taken in accordance with the Code of Conduct, ANTAM Personnel can ask themselves the following questions: 1.  Are the actions or decisions to be taken in accordance with the established Company Values and code of conduct? 2.  Could the action to be taken directly or indirectly harm or endanger the health or safety of others? 3.  Does the actions or decisions to be taken not violate the relevant laws and regulations? 4.  Are the actions or decisions to be taken in accordance with the procedures, management policies and guidelines for the policy of the Company?  Identifying the Problems Associatedwith the Code of Conduct 3.2.1

86 CODE OF CONDUCT 3. IMPLEMENTATION GUIDELINES  5.  Could  the  actions  or  decisions  to  be  taken  makes discomfort, , uneasy or hesitant? 6.  iIs there comfortable feeling to tell the action or decision to colleagues, superiors, family or friends? 7.  How do other people perceive the action or decision to be taken when it is posted in the newspaper or read in news on television? If the ANTAM Personnel in question still feel hesitant for actions or decisions to be taken, it is recommended for the Personnel ANTAM to discuss it with the superior or parties mentioned in this Code of Conduct. the Code of Conduct If ANTAM Personnel found that a decision or action is inconsistent with applicable regulations or do not comply with, objected to the content of Code of Conduct or ANTAM Personnel hesitated for actions or decisions to be taken or ANTAM Personnel do not know what to do in certain situations, then ANTAM personnel shall immediately notify or consult it as soon as possible to the employee’s immediate superior, and every employer is obliged to give full attention to reports of employees who are his subordinates and try to solve it completely in accordance with the provisions of the Company. If ANTAM Personnel fail to do the above, or in this case the issues  Consultation and Reporting of Issues Related to 3.2.2

87 CODE OF CONDUCT 3. IMPLEMENTATION GUIDELINES  being reported could lead to a conflict of interest with the immediate superior, the Personnel ANTAM can discuss it with the following parties: 1.  Superior of the employee’s immediate superior, 2.  Division of Human Capital Management, 3.  Division of Legal and Compliance, 4.  Leaders of unit/business unit where the problem arises, 5.  Division of Corporate Secretary. 1.  In the event of violation, every employee is entitled to submit oral or written reports to the immediate superior of the employee in question at least to the head of Division to be completed in accordance with applicable regulations. 2.  If the efforts referred to in item 1 above has not reached a settlement, the employee can forward his complaint in writing to higher-level officials in this case the superior of the employee’s immediate superior in question to be completed in accordance with applicable regulations.  Procedures for Handling Violations Report 3.2.3

88 CODE OF CONDUCT 3. IMPLEMENTATION GUIDELINES  3.  If the efforts referred to in point 2 above has not reached a resolution, the employee in question may forward the employee’s complaint or objection in writing to the SVP Human Capital Management to be completed. 4.  If the efforts referred to in paragraph 3 has not reached a resolution, employee and immediate superior may submit a proposal to the head of the Company to resolve the violation issue by the Personnel Deliberation Team which consists of people who have high integrity and competent consisting of officials in the field of Human Capital Management, Head of Task Force in question, certain employees assigned by the competent authority as well as Workers Union officials appointed and serve as a assistant of employees. 5.  Personnel Deliberation Team is in charge of: a.  performing  investigation  process  by  promoting fairness, presumption of innocence and secrecy; b.  during  the  investigation  process,  Personnel Deliberation Team must maintain the confidentiality of the identity of the Informant; c.  recommend  disciplinary  action  to  be  granted if it proven true and valid that there has been a violation of the Code of Conduct. The determination of  disciplinary  action  under  the  authority  of Management (Board of Directors or Unit Head/SVP/ VP) according to the level of violations as stated on

89 CODE OF CONDUCT 3. IMPLEMENTATION GUIDELINES  the Collective Labour Agreement; d.  conducting an analysis of the problems that occur to identify weaknesses in the system of control that has been implemented and the potential improvements that can be done; and e.  providing  advice  and  recommendations  to  the parties concerned to immediately implement the corrective measures necessary. . 6.  If necessary, the Personnel Deliberation Team can perform escalation of the issues involved to the Board of Directors and the Board of Commissioners to get a solution and appropriate treatment measures. 1.  1.  ANTAM  resolve  every  whistleblowing  filed  by Stakeholders including employees and or representatives of the Stakeholders of the Company in connection with the Code of Conduct violation. 2.  Completion of whistleblowing is one form of increased protection to Stakeholders in order to guarantee the rights of Stakeholders associated with the Company. 3.  Whistleblowing by Stakeholders that are not immediately followed up could potentially increase the risk of the Company’s reputation.  Whistleblowing System 3.2.4

90 CODE OF CONDUCT 3. IMPLEMENTATION GUIDELINES  4.  To  complete  the  whistleblowing,  the  Company  has established  policies  and  written  procedures  which include: a.  reception of whistleblowing; b.  handling and resolution of whistleblowing; c.  protection of complainant (whistleblower); and d.  monitoring  of  the  handling  and  resolution  of whistleblowing. 5.  5.  Whistleblowing shall be submitted in writing to the Board of Commissioners to further be followed up by Whistleblowing Evaluation Team formed by the Board of Commissioners. 6.  The parties participating in the whistleblowing is entitled to the legal protection of the Company. 7.  The parties who have a role in saving the Company by disclosing  adverse  matters  both  materially  and  non- materially are entitled to an award from the Company. 8.  Further  explanation  and  provisions  stipulated  in  the Guidelines and Procedure of Whistleblowing of PT ANTAM (Persero) Tbk.

91 CODE OF CONDUCT 3. IMPLEMENTATION GUIDELINES  Consequences for violation of the Code of Conduct: 1.  ANTAM’s  partners  convicted  of  the  violation  will  be sanctioned in accordance with the rules and decisions of the Company; 2.  ANTAM Personnel who are convicted of violation of the Code of Conduct may be subject to disciplinary measures in the form of oral or written notice, stern warning with suspension to termination of employment; 3.  If the condition involves a violation of law, the problem can be forwarded to the authorities. 4.  If proven violation of the Code of Conduct have occurred then the nature of the disciplinary action given to be proposed by the Personnel Deliberation Team of the Head Office or Deliberation Team of Unit/Business Unit/Project to Directors or SVP/VP/General Manager/Project Manager, respectively; 5.  Nature of the disciplinary action taken will depend on the magnitude of the violation committed and the related situation.  3.3 SANCTIONS FOR VIOLATIONS

92 CODE OF CONDUCT 3. IMPLEMENTATION GUIDELINES  1.  All ANTAM Personnel must read and understand the contents of the Code of Conduct. 2.  All ANTAM Personnel are required to sign a statement of personal commitment after reading the Code of Conduct. 3.  Corporate Secretary Division are required to perform administrative  and  supervision  functions  on  the compliance the observance of the signing of a statement of commitment to ensure that all of ANTAM Personnel have read and understand the Code of Conduct. In its implementation, Corporate Secretary Division coordinate with the Human Capital Management working unit in each unit/business units/subsidiaries. 4.  Corporate Secretary Division reports the result of signing commitment to the Human Capital Management as the personal record of each ANTAM Personnel  3.4 STATEMENT OF COMMITMENT

93 CODE OF CONDUCT 3. IMPLEMENTATION GUIDELINES  Socialization is an important stage of the implementation of the Code of Conduct. ANTAM is committed to the effective and comprehensive socialization by taking into account the following matters: 1.  building commitment for all partners associated with ANTAM; 2.  disseminating the Code of Conduct in the employee orientation  program  in  accordance  with  a  program organized  by  ANTAM  and  periodic  refresher  for  all employees ANTAM; 3.  associating the application of ethics as an integral part of business practices and performance appraisal of all ANTAM employees; 4.  developing a Code of Conduct and if necessary can be further elaborated in the Company’s various policies and regulations; 5.  complementing the Company’s regulation with sanctions for the violation occurred and establishing a system to monitor the implementation of the Code of Conduct.  3.5 SOCIALIZATION

94 CODE OF CONDUCT 3. IMPLEMENTATION GUIDELINES  ANTAM  performs  monitoring  and  evaluation  for  the implementation of the Code of Conduct through: a.  Measurement of understanding of Code of Conduct is conducted to determine the extent to which ANTAM Personnel  has  been  aware  of  and  understand  the implementation of the Code of Conduct in the respective work area and how ANTAM Personnel understand the mechanisms  for  reporting  on  violation  of  the  Code of  Conduct.  Since  the  year  2013,  Measurement  of Understanding of the Code of Conduct has been a part of the Key Performance Indicator (KPI) of each Division/Unit/ Business Unit. The measurement results will be material to the evaluation of more intensive internalization in each work area. b.  Annual  GCG  Assessment.  Recommendations  and suggestions of the GCG Assessment results conducted by independent assessor will be an evaluation to improve the system.  MONITORING AND EVALUATION OF CODE OF CONDUCT 3.6

95 CODE OF CONDUCT

96 CODE OF CONDUCT 4. STATEMENT OF COMMITMENT  STATEMENT OF PERSONAL COMMITMENT OF ANTAM PERSONNEL  I hereby certify that I have read and understand the contents of the book of Code of Conduct. I understand that every ANTAM Personnel must adhere to and implement the Code of Conduct in order to increase and maximize the results of the work for the improvement of the Company. If I have any problem about possible violations of the Code of Conduct as set forth in the Code of Conduct, I will communicate it in accordance with applicable regulations. Statement Makers,  Witness, ,  2016

97 CODE OF CONDUCT 4. STATEMENT OF COMMITMENT  STATEMENT OF PERSONAL COMMITMENT OF ANTAM PERSONNEL  I hereby certify that I have read and understand the contents of the book of Code of Conduct. I understand that every ANTAM Personnel must adhere to and implement the Code of Conduct in order to increase and maximize the results of the work for the improvement of the Company. If I have any problem about possible violations of the Code of Conduct as set forth in the Code of Conduct, I will communicate it in accordance with applicable regulations. Statement Makers,  Witness, ,  2016

98 CODE OF CONDUCT

99 CODE OF CONDUCT

100 CODE OF CONDUCT APPENDIX  GUIDELINES AND PROCEDURE FOR WHISTLEBLOWING SYSTEM OF PT ANTAM (PERSERO) TBK PREFACE Background  In an effort to implement Good Corporate Governance (GCG) properly in the Company, a strong commitment and good support of infrastructure and soft structure (work guidelines) are required. As mandated in the principles of GCG, the company in conducting its activities are always taking into account the interests of Shareholders and other Stakeholders based on the principles of fairness and equality. However, the Company realized that to be able to realize it, it needs a real effort that is not easy to implement. In the implementation of the Company’s operations, the rights of Stakeholders are often cannot be carried out properly, causing friction between the Stakeholders with the Company shown by the emergence of whistleblowing by the Stakeholders. Whistleblowing by  the  Stakeholders  if  not  resolved  properly  will  potentially harm the Stakeholders and or the Company. The lack of standard mechanism in handling of whistleblowing by Stakeholders may cause disagreement or dispute between the Stakeholders and the

101 CODE OF CONDUCT APPENDIX  Company that tend to be protracted, among  others,  can  be  demonstrated  by  the  emergence  of Stakeholder’s complaints in various media. The emergence of the complaints spread to the public through various media could result in declining reputation and potentially reduce public trust in the Company. Resolution of whistleblowing by Stakeholders is one of the form of increased protection to Stakeholders to guarantee their rights in dealing with the Company. Therefore, it is necessary to arrange for the resolution of the whistleblowing for Stakeholders in the guidelines and procedures for handling of whistleblowing. Guidelines and procedures for handling of whistleblowing is a system that can be used as media for whistleblower to convey information about the indications of violation occurring within a Company. Information obtained from whistleblowing mechanism should get the attention and follow-up, including the imposition of appropriate penalties in order to provide a deterrent for perpetrators and also for those who intend to do so. Thus, it is understood that ANTAM view the guidelines and procedures for handling of whistleblowing as part of the internal control system.

102 CODE OF CONDUCT APPENDIX  Purposes  1.  As a basis or guideline of implementation in handling of whistleblowing by the Stakeholders. 2.  Ensuring the implementation of resolution of whistleblowing mechanism effectively in a reasonable time. 3.  Avoiding negative publicity against the Company. 4.  Supporting  the  principle  of  fairness  in  the  relationship between the Company as businesses with Stakeholders as the Company’s partners. 5.  As part of efforts to uncover the problems that exist in the organization,  such  as  fraud,  discrimination,  harassment, or other irregularities that are not in accordance with the applicable Code of Conduct to the Company.  CHAPTER I General Provisions Article 1 Definitions  The Company is a Limited Liability Company (Persero) PT Aneka Tambang Tbk abbreviated as PT ANTAM (Persero) Tbk. The Board of Commissioners is the Company’s organ in charged with the supervision in general and/or particular in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company and provide advice to the Board of Directors. (1) (2)

103 CODE OF CONDUCT APPENDIX  The Board of Directors is the Company’s organ authorized and have full responsibility for the management of the Company for the benefit of the Company, in accordance with the aim and goals of the Company and represents the Company, both inside and outside the court in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company. Company’s Office is the head office, as well as unit/business unit/representative  office  or  other  office  related  to  the Company’s operations. Employees are people who work at the Company in an employment  relationship,  has  been  declared  eligible, appointed in a certain rank and position, given the employee identity number (NPP) and received the income according to the regulations applicable to the Company. Recipient of whistleblowing is the Board of Commissioners registered by the Secretariat of the Board of Commissioners. Whistleblowing is a disclosure of violation or disclosure of unlawful acts, acts that do not meet the Code of Conduct or other actions that may be detrimental to the organization and Stakeholders, which is done by the employees or the management of the Company or the supporting bodies of the Board of Commissioners. The disclosure is generally carried out confidentially. (3) (4) (5) (6) (7)

104 CODE OF CONDUCT APPENDIX  Whistleblower  is  an  employee  of  the  organization  itself (insider), but not excluding any of the whistleblower comes from  outsiders  (customers,  suppliers,  the  community). Whistleblowers  should  provide  evidence,  information,  or a clear indication of the occurrence of the violation being reported, so it can be traced and/or followed up. Without adequate information it would be difficult to follow up the report. Representative of Stakeholders are individuals, organizations or legal entities acting for and on behalf of the Stakeholders on the basis of a special power of attorney from the Stakeholders. Stakeholders are the parties with interest in the Company. Whistleblowing Evaluation Team is a team formed by the Board of Commissioners in charge to evaluate and advise follow up on whistleblowing to the Board of Commissioners, hereinafter referred to as Whistleblowing Team. (8) (9) (10) (11)  Article 2  Perusahaan  wajib  menerima  dan  mengevaluasi  pelaporan pelanggaran  baik  dari  pelapor  yang  mencantumkan  identitas maupun yang tidak.

105 CODE OF CONDUCT APPENDIX  Article 3  The  Board  of  Commissioners  is  responsible  for  the implementation of guidelines and procedures for handling of whistleblowing as set forth in this resolution. The Board of Commissioners formed Whistleblowing Team consists of representatives from the Audit Committee, GCGNR Committee, and other parties necessary in accordance with their competence and expertise. Chairman of the Whistleblowing Team is taken from Audit Committee and that is raised and dismissed by the Board of Commissioners based on the resolution of the Board of Commissioners.  CHAPTER II Recipient of Whistleblowing Article 5  The whistleblowing is addressed to the Board of Commissioners of PT ANTAM (Persero) Tbk and registered by the Secretariat of the Board of Commissioners. (1) (2) (3) (1)  Article 4  The  Company  shall  publish  guidelines  and  procedures  for whistleblowing through the Company’s media to the Stakeholders.

106 CODE OF CONDUCT APPENDIX  If the recipient of the whistleblowing is not the Board of Commissioners, the recipient shall forward the whistleblowing to the Board of Commissioners. Whistleblowing referred to in paragraph (1) of this Article shall be in writing and made within office hours. Whistleblowing submitted must be accompanied by the data (supporting evidence). ANTAM  shall  submit  receipts  for  whistleblowing  to Stakeholders and/or representatives of Stakeholders who give their identity. Evidence of receipt state the registration number, date of receipt, and the name of the recipient of complaints.  CHAPTER III Handling and Resolution of Whistleblowing Article 6  Whistleblowing  Team  receive  a  written  report  from  the Secretary of the Board of Commissioners for further evaluation. Evaluation by Whistleblowing Team include administrative, operational, and judicial aspects. (2) (3) (4) (5) (1) (2)

107 CODE OF CONDUCT APPENDIX  In the evaluation, Whistleblowing Team may invite speakers who are deemed competent in the aspects evaluated by Whistleblowing Team. Based on the last evaluation, Whistleblowing Team shall make suggestions of closure/follow up on the case to the Board of Commissioners within a period of 30 (thirty) days and may be extended no longer than 14 (fourteen) days. Whistleblowing Team shall report in writing the results referred to in paragraph (1) of this article to the Board of Commissioners. The Board of Commissioners to evaluate the proposal from Whistleblowing Team. Cases that need follow-up shall be submitted  to  the  Board  of  Directors  to  conduct  special audit or for further investigation in accordance with existing mechanisms in the Company and to take necessary action for system improvement and enforcement. Improvement system and/or legal action taken by the Board of Directors shall be submitted to the Board of Commissioners for registration. In the event of complaint that can be proved concerning the members of the Board of Directors, the follow-up shall be resolved by the Board of Commissioners. Whistleblowing Team to monitor the follow-up of resolution of the complaints. (3) (4) (5) (6) (7) (8) (9)

108 CODE OF CONDUCT APPENDIX  Whistleblowing handling procedure must follow the flowchart shown on whistleblowing handling procedures.  Article 7  The  Company  through  the  Secretary  of  the  Board  of Commissioners may inform and/or provide response on the status of resolution process of whistleblowing to Stakeholders and/or representatives of Stakeholders who asked for an explanation to the Company regarding its filed whistleblowing. For anonymous whistleblowing, there is no obligation of the Company to respond as prescribed in paragraph (1) of this article.  CHAPTER IV Confidentiality and Award for Whistleblower Article 8  The Company must keep the identity of the whistleblowers and content of the report. The Company may give the award to the whistleblowers on the violation that can be proven and able to save the Company’s assets and finance. (10) (1) (2) (1) (2)

109 CODE OF CONDUCT APPENDIX  CHAPTER V Monitoring of Whistleblowing Follow Up Article 9  Monitoring  of  whistleblowing  follow-up  is  done  by Whistleblowing Team in coordination with the Secretary of the Board of Commissioners. The follow-up of whistleblowing including improvements to systems or enforcement needs to be done in the neighborhood management  coordinated  by  Senior Vice  President  (SVP) Corporate Secretary. Activity  referred  to  in  paragraph  (2)  of  this  article,  SVP Corporate Secretary coordinate with the Secretary of The Board of Commissioners. Whistleblowing Team shall report periodically monitoring results on a quarterly basis to the Board of Commissioners. The report referred to in paragraph (2) of this article shall be made no later than one month after the end of the period. In coordinating with, SVP Corporate Secretary must keep the confidentiality of the data and information as referred to in article 8 above. (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) (6)

110 CODE OF CONDUCT APPENDIX  Article 10  In  performing  the  duties. Whistleblowing  team  need  to coordinate with SVP Corporate Secretary as counterpart. Counterpart as mentioned in paragraph (1) includes provision of information required by Whistleblowing team and serves as speakers, if necessary.  CHAPTER VI Administration of Whistleblowing Pasal 11  All  documentation  of  whistleblowing  shall  be  properly administered by the Secretariat of the Board of Commissioners. The Secretariat of the Board of Commissioners must hold administration of the incoming, ongoing, and followed up whistleblowing. Record of receipt and status of whistleblowing contains at least: a.  registration number; b.  date of receipt; c.  receiving officer; d.  a brief description; and e.  resolution status accompanied by an explanation. (1) (2) (1) (2) (3)

111 CODE OF CONDUCT APPENDIX  WHISTLEBLOWING MECHANISM PT ANTAM (PERSERO) TBK  The company always pays attention to the interests of Stakeholders based on the principles of fairness and equality. The Company is also aware that the absence of standard mechanism in the handling of whistleblowing by Stakeholders could result in declining reputation and public trust in the Company. The provisions of the guidelines and procedures for whistleblowing is one form of increased protection for Stakeholders and the protection of the image of the Company. In connection with the above, in the framework of the implementation of guidelines and procedures, the Company sees it necessary for whistleblowing mechanism to be established as described below.  Whistleblowing Procedure to the Company  1.  Whistleblowing shall be made in writing a.  Deliver an official letter addressed to the Company c.q the Board of Commissioners, whether delivered by hand, sent by facsimile, or by mail to the Company. b.  Via e-mail: whistleblowing@antam.com

112 CODE OF CONDUCT APPENDIX  c.  Delivered to the official address: PT ANTAM (Persero) Tbk Jl. Letjen TB Simatupang No.1 Lingkar Selatan, Tanjung Barat Jakarta 12530, Indonesia d.  Whistleblowing  in  writing  shall  be  furnished  by  a photocopy of identity and supporting documents such as: documents relating to the transactions performed and/or whistleblowing to be delivered. e.  Whistleblowing  in  writing  without  identity  must  be furnished with photocopies of supporting documents such as: documents relating to transactions carried out and/or whistleblowing to be delivered. 2.  Representative of Stakeholders Should there be whistleblowing submitted by representatives of Stakeholders, in addition to the above documents, they should also submit other documents namely: a.  photocopy of proof of identity of Stakeholders and representative of Stakeholders; b.  power  of  attorney  of  the  Stakeholders  to  the  representative of Stakeholders stating that the Stakeholders has given the authority to act for and on behalf of the Stakeholders; and if representatives of Stakeholders is an institution or legal entity, it must be accompanied by a document

113 CODE OF CONDUCT APPENDIX  stating that the party who filed the whistleblowing is authorized to represent the said institution or legal entity. 3.  Recipient of whistleblowing by Company a.  The company receives each whistleblowing filed by Stakeholders  and/or  representatives  of  Stakeholders both verbally and in writing. b.  The company provides a description of the policies and procedures for completion of whistleblowing at the time of the Stakeholders and/or representatives of the Stakeholders file the whistleblowing. c.  The company delivers a receipt, if the whistleblowing is submitted in writing. d.  Recipient  of  whistleblowing  are  the  Board  of Commissioners  c.q  the  Secretary  of  the  Board  of Commissioners of the Company. 4.  Whistleblowing  mechanism  shall  be  disseminated  to  all Stakeholders in the implementation of GCG in the Company. Further information can be seen at the website of PT ANTAM (Persero) Tbk www.antam.com

114 CODE OF CONDUCT  Procedure for Whistleblowing Handling PT ANTAM (Persero) Tbk No No Yes Yes STAKEHOLDERS  START REGISTRATION BY BOC SECRETARY EVALUATION OF TEAM PROPOSAL PROPOSAL OF FOLLOW-UP OR CLOSING MONITORING OF BOC DECISION CAN BE PROVEN FILE CLOSING  SYSTEM IMPROVEMENT AND/OR ENFORCEMENT AS PER APPLICCABLE REGULATIONS DECISION AND/OR RESPONSE OF CASE CLOSING REGISTRATION AND FILING OF DECISION AND/OR RESPONSE BY BOC SECRETARY FINISH DECISION OF FOLLOW-UP REGARDING BOD CASE EVALUATION FOLLOW-UP OF INTERNAL AUDIT/ OTHER DIVISIONS WRITTEN WHISTLEBLOWING RESPONSES*  DECISION WHISTLEBLOWING TEAM BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS/SECRETARY OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS BOARD OF DIRECTORY/SVP CORPORATE SECRETARY  1 2  * On request Notes:  •  The dotted lines of the Registration and Failing process of Decree by Board of Commissioners’ Secretary lead to the Monitoring process of the decision of the Board of Commissioners by the Evaluation Team indicating that the BOC Secretary delivered a copy of the Board of Commissioners’ Decree to the Evaluation Team for monitoring.  •  The dotted lines of the Registration and Failing process of Decree by Board of Commissioners’ Secretary lead to the Responses by Stakeholders indicating that the BOC Secretary delivered a copy of the Board of Commissioners’ Decree and / or Response to the Stakeholders upon request.

115 CODE OF CONDUCT  Procedure for Whistleblowing Handling PT ANTAM (Persero) Tbk No  Yes STAKEHOLDERS  ASSIGNMENT TO WHISTLEBLOWING TEAM CASE EVALUATION  EVALUATION OF TEAM PROPOSAL  CAN BE PROVEN DECISION TO CLOSE THE CASE PROPOSAL OF CASE CLOSING SYSTEM IMPROVEMENT AND/OR ENFORCEMENT AS PER APPLICABLE REGULATIONS WHISTLEBLOWING TEAM BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS/SECRETARY OF THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS BOARD OF DIRECTORY/SVP CORPORATE SECRETARY  1  2  DECISION TO SYSTEM IMPROVEMENT AND/OR ENFORCEMENT

116 CODE OF CONDUCT

117 CODE OF CONDUCT  RECEIPT OF WHISTLEBLOWING  Hereby explain whereas Name  : ..............................................................  Address  : ..............................................................  Phone No.  : ..............................................................  Fax.  : ..............................................................  Cell Phone  : ..............................................................  Email  : ..............................................................  Name of Organization/ Institution  : .............................................................. has submitted whistleblowing concerning ....................................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................................... ....................................................................................................................................... Whistleblower,  Receipt, Jakarta,

118 CODE OF CONDUCT

119 CODE OF CONDUCT

Head Office  Aneka Tambang Building Tower A Jl. Let. Jen. T.B. Simatupang No. 1 Lingkar Selatan, Tanjung Barat, Jakarta 12530 - Indonesia Telp: : (62-21) 789 1234, Fax. : (62-21) 789 1224 Email: corsec@antam.com www.antam.com


</Mining_Indonesia_Aneka Tambang_2016.pdf>