This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Mining_Indonesia_Archi Indonesia_2024.pdf>

1  Code of Ethic  PT Archi Indonesia Tbk  Below Code of Ethic  is  a summary of  C ode of  E thic of  PT A rchi  I ndonesia  T bk  ( “ C ompany ” ) .  I n  addition ,  belo w  C ode  of  E thic is  prepared in two different versions (Indonesia and English), and if any discrepancy is found within the two,  then the  C ode of  E thic  in Indonesia is applicable.  A.  OBJECTIVES  Archi Indonesia and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) is committed  to high standards of Corporate behavior  towards employees, customers, suppliers, contractors, governments and communities in which we operate.  The  purpose  of  the  Code  of  Ethics  is  therefore  to  ensure  that  the  Board  of  Directors,  Board  of  Commissioners, and  employees within the Group have a clear understanding of principles that are  important in conducting our business. The principles are intended to guide directors, commissioners, and  employees as to the ethical values that the Group requires to uphold. The se values are an important factor  in maintaining and building the reputation of the Group as a responsible and trustworthy business partner,  employer, supplier and responsible and trustworthy citizen.  It is not possible to anticipate every situation. The  guidelines in this Code of Ethics are necessarily broad  and general in nature and are not intended to replace more detailed operating policies and procedures.  Nevertheless, these basic principles can and should serve as a guide to each director, commission er, and  employee of the Group in his or her dealings with customers, suppliers, contractors, shareholders,  colleagues and all others with whom the Group has relationships. Together with our vision and values, it  forms the foundation for the way The Group w ill conduct business now and in the future. The Code of Ethics  therefore applies to all directors, commissioners, and employees in the Group.  B.  POLICY  1.  Compliance with Laws, Regulations and Group’s Policies  There are many laws and regulations applicable  to the conduct of the Group’s business. Directors,  commissioners, and employees of the Group should be familiar with, and strictly observe all laws and  regulations in force covering their operations, including the Group’s internal policies and procedures.  Directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group should not engage in any activity that would cause  the violation of applicable laws, rules and regulations in carrying out their duties, including rules and  regulations related to Anti Bribery and Corru ption. Directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group  must not allow, facilitate or participate directly or indirectly in fraudulent or illegal operations.  2.  Ethical Business Conduct and Fair Relationship  Directors, commissioners, and employees of  the Group must accept responsibility for maintaining and  enhancing the Group’s reputation for integrity and fairness in its business relationship. In its everyday  business transactions, we must be seen to be dealing even - handedly and honestly with customer s,  suppliers, employees and others with whom we have a relationship.

2  Relationship with Customers  –  Directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group should employ  appropriate  business  practices  in  our  relationships  with  customers  and  will  not  make  false  or  unsubstantiated representations about the quality or value of our products and services.  Re lationship with Suppliers and Contractors  –  Directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group are  expected to be honest and fair in all business interactions with suppliers, which include contractors,  consultants and other agents. The choice of supplier s of goods and services must be made based on the  best value, considering best price, reliability, quality, and service, received by the Group. In addition, the  Group believes in doing business with those suppliers who demonstrate high standards of ethical  behaviors.  The Group will not knowingly use suppliers who operate in violation of applicable laws or regulations,  including local environmental, employment and safety laws. Directors, commissioners, and employees of  the Group who deal with suppliers of th e Group must ensure there is no conflict on interest, including related  parties’ transactions, and that suppliers will keep the confidentiality of the information provided to them. All  agreements with suppliers that are important for the conduct of the Gro up’s business should be in writing  and must at least specify the goods and services to be provided and the fees to be paid. Such agreements  must be reasonable and align with market practices, the principles established in the Code of Ethics and  relevant Co mpany policies and procedures.  Relationship with Employees  –  the Group is committed to provide a work environment which is conducive,  safe  and  free  from  discrimination  and  harassment.  The  Group’s  policy forbids  any  discrimination,  harassment or intimidati on because of race, religion, gender, age, nationality, citizenship, sexual orientation  or disability. Workplace harassment can occur when one party demonstrates behavior that causes or is  likely to cause harassment, alarm or distress to another party. Exa mples of behavior that may be considered  harassment include but are not limited to threatening, abusive, or insulting language, comment or other  non - verbal gesture that are degrading other parties, discrimination, physical violence, cyber - bullying, sexual  harassment  and  stalk.  Workplace  harassment  can  also  take  place  through  different  modes  of  communications, such as by email, text messaging, social media and meetings. Employees are encouraged  to bring questions or concerns in this area to their management.  The Group will not tolerate any acts of  discrimination, harassment or intimidation and will investigate all complaints and incidents in a fair and  timely manner. While on duty, employees must not conduct themselves in such a manner that will interfere  wit h or prevent other employees from carrying out their duties properly. The Group respects employee  privacy and dignity. Other than that, the Group’s policy forbids to employ minors. Employees are  encouraged to report this problem to management.  Relationshi p with Competitors  –  the Group competes actively within its marketplace in an ethical and  legitimate manner. The Group do not associate or participate in illegal competitive practices, nor do they  disparage the Group’s competitors and their products. Compa risons with our competitors must be fair and  factually based on aspects such as price and performance.  Relationship with Media  -  When the Group provides information to the public, it has an obligation to  accurately and completely report all related materi al facts in a timely manner. Directors, commissioners,  and employees of the Group are not authorized to speak on behalf of the Group, unless the they have been  clearly designated as the Group’s spokesperson on the matter in question as described in Externa l  Communications Policy. Where directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group do participate in  blogs, social media or any other online space, even personal sites maintained outside of work hours, they  should take care to ensure that they do not conf lict with the interests of the Group.

3  Relationship with Communities  -  the Group has a long - standing commitment to being good citizens and  neighbors in all the places where the Group does business. We believe that we have a responsibility to  society to use  its resources  –  assets, people and energy  –  wisely. The Group recognizes the importance  of improving the quality of life in our local communities, and the Group supports local initiatives and  encourages employee involvement.  3.  Conflict of Interests  A  “conflict of interest” arises when directors, commissioners, or employees of the Group (including family  members and other Related Parties) have competing professional or personal interests that would either  make it difficult to fulfil their duties properl y, or would create an appearance of impropriety that could  undermine customer or public confidence.  Directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group are expected to act in the Group’s best interests at  all times and must take necessary steps to avoid  actual, perceived or potential conflict of interest. When it  is not possible to avoid a conflict of interest, directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group are  required to disclose it immediately to his/her immediate supervisor, and disqualify thems elves from handling  transactions which put them, whether real or perceived, in a position of conflict.  Outside Engagements or Business Dealings  –  directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group must  not have any outside engagements or business dealings that may create any conflicts of interest or other  breaches of the provisions of this Code. Outside engagements or business dealings include  but not limited  to:  a. Undertaking any other business or profession;  b. Becoming employees or agents or holding any position of any other Company unless have approval from  management;  c. Having any financial interest in any other business or profession, ot her than bona fide investment  holdings of shares or other securities listed or dealt on a registered Stock Exchange;  d. Having any direct or indirect financial or business interest in or dealings with competitors, suppliers,  customers or anyone else with w hom they are engaged in a business relationship on behalf of the Group,  which might or might appear to,  create a conflict of interest, or impair the judgments they make on behalf  of the Group;  e. Engaging in any personal business dealings which detract fro m or conflict with their employment in the  Group;  f. Taking advantage of any opportunity for personal gain that properly belong to the Group or are discovered  through the use of Corporate properties, information or their position, and situations where thei r loyalties  may be divided between the Group’s interest and those of a personal, other parties, customer, supplier or  competitor.  Any outside engagements or business dealings that may create a real, perceived or eventual conflicts of  interest shall be dec lared to Internal Audit/Governance Team and Human Resources Department through  the Compliance Confirmation and Undertaking Form. Further, directors, commissioners, and employees of  the Group will also be required to disclose their shareholdings in the Arch i securities in the Compliance  Confirmation and Undertaking Form.

4  Related Parties  –  the Group is prohibited from engaging in business transaction with the following parties:  a.  The director, commissioner, or Group employee of the Group;  b.  The director’s, co mmissioner’s, or employee’s spouse;  c.  The director’s, commissioner’s, or  employees’  children including dependents of the director,  commissioner, or employee and/or spouse;  d.  Director, commissioner, or employee family relationship by marriage and descendent to  the second  degree, horizontally as well vertically such as parent, director’s, commissioner’s, or employee’s  and/or  spouse’s  sibling,  descendant  of  director’s,  commissioner’s,  executive  advisor’s  or  employee’s and/or spouse’s sibling;  e.  Company owned direct ly or indirectly by each person stated in point (a)  –  (d);  f.  Company in which each person stated in point (a)  –  (d) serves as the management.  Gifts and Entertainments  –  no gifts, invitations, hospitalities, donations, or sponsorship shall be accepted  for any directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group personal benefit including family members  or any Related Parties in circumstances where it could be regarded a s likely to influence the outcome of  any  business  transaction  or  impact  upon  the  director’s,  commissioner’s  and  employee’s  business  judgement. Where circumstances make it impossible, difficult or impractical to reject the gifts, invitations or  hospitality,  directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group should immediately declare such gifts,  invitations  or  hospitality  via  submission  of  Gifts  and  Entertainments  Declaration  Form  to  Internal  Audit/Governance Team and Human Resources Department. This appli es to all except perishables and  those of a token value (USD 250 or the equivalent value in other currencies and below). A copy of the Gifts  and Entertainments Declaration Form shall be forwarded to for monitoring and evaluation on quarterly basis  or immed iately shall the case is considered urgent and significant. In general terms, if you have any doubt  about whether an item should or should not be declared, directors, commissioners, and employees of the  Group are advised to declare it.  Anti - Bribery  –  Grou p commitment to conduct business with full integrity require high global standard  consistency; zero tolerance of kickbacks and corruption that apply to all Group  regardless  local business  practice. Directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group shall continuously explain, during internal  and external communication with third parties, that Group have zero tolerance for bribery and corruption  and shall not (directly or i ndirectly) offer, compensate, ask for or receive bribe, gift or assistance in any form  to inappropriately influencing business decision. Directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group  (including family members and Related Parties) must not receive br ibe, prohibited commissions or other  prohibited payments from third parties in any form, for any reason. Directors, commissioners, and  employees of the Group shall not, directly or indirectly (i.e. through vendor/supplier, agent, distributor,  consultant, l awyers, intermediary or others) offer or give bribe or inappropriate benefit (including facilitation)  to authorities or individual or third parties, which are intended, or implied impression to the relevant parties,  to influence his/her decision affecting  matters related to the Group.  Non - solicitation  –  during the term of employment and for a period of one (1) year immediately thereafter,  directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group are restricted from soliciting any employees from  the Group.  Insi der trading  –  directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group in the possession of non - public  information, must not engage in or procure another person to engage in, any securities (including shares)  transactions with respect to the securities of the  Corporation, whether it is for themselves, anyone else or  for the Group.

5  4.  Group Properties and Assets  Directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group are responsible for the proper use, protection and  maintenance of all the Group’s properties and a ssets. These properties and assets include, but are not  limited to physical properties (i.e. computers, phones, etc.), records (i.e. Company data, etc.), and  intellectual properties (i.e. patents, trademarks, registered designs, etc.).  The Group’s propert ies and assets should only be used for legitimate business purposes. Employees must  not, without authorization, obtain, use or divert The Group properties and assets for their personal use or  benefit. Directors,  commissioners and employees of the Group are  prohibited to using any the Group’s  attributes for any activities outside the Group unless have approval from management.  Similarly, directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group are responsible for safeguarding the  Group’s assets and ensuring the  efficient and appropriate use of the Group’s funds including expenses.  While spending or committing Group’s funds, directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group must  be sure that the transaction is proper and documented and that the Group receives  appropriate value in  return.  Computers  –  directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group must use office computers/ laptop  only in the way in which they have been instructed as described in the IT Security Policy. They should  protect their own passwo rd and not use anyone else’s ID or password to access records. Unless authorized,  directors, commissioners,  and employees of the Group must not dispose of any computers in an  unauthorized manner, such as by selling, lending or giving it away without proper  permission.  Use of IT Systems  –  directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group must act responsibly when  updating their personal data or uploading any information (statements, documents, video, photos, etc.) in  any IT systems provided by the Group  as described in the IT Security Policy. They must not knowingly  update  false  information  nor  upload  any  materials  that  are  defamatory,  offensive,  obscene,  and  inappropriate or that violate or infringe any laws, copyright, trademark or any other intellectua l properties,  personal or proprietary rights of any person, any obligation of confidence, including on - line criminal  activities. Directors, commissioners and employees of the Group prohibited to upload any content related  with the Group in the personal med ia social, unless have approval from management.  Confidential Information  –  directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group must make sure that  confidential information is preserved and protected. Confidential information is an information which is n ot  generally known outside the organization and either  gives  or  could  give the  Group a competitive  disadvantage or could lead to the loss of an existing competitive advantage, if it became known in the public  domain. This kind of information must not be re vealed to anyone outside the organization. Confidential  information  includes  personal information of directors, commissio ners and employees of the Group.  Therefore, directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group should:  a. Treat all information  related to the Group’s and personal affairs as strictly confidential;  b. Protect such information from misuse, using information only to the extent necessary to perform the  assigned job duties and not using such information or permitting such information t o be used for  unauthorized purposes;  c. Ensure that all information, to whom they have access, is neither used nor appear to be used for their  personal advantage or for the advantage of a third party;

6  d. Identify, assess and evaluate the nature of their re spective documents or data or information before  conveying them to internal and external parties;  e. Not disclose information of the Group to anyone, except where there is a legal right or duty to disclose.  f.  Use personal information only for the purpose  for which it was mentioned unless otherwise approved by  the relevant individual.  This obligation continues to remain in effect after the directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group  are no longer employed by the Group.  It is to be noted that som e information does not necessarily remain as Confidential Information indefinitely.  If it is made public through the Group announcement or the Group’s designated spokeperson, the  information will no longer be considered confidential and the restrictions on  disclosure will not apply. The  disclosure restriction would also not apply in cases where disclosure is (a) legally required; and/or (b) for  the purpose of self - defense.  Intellectual Property  –  comprises any and all other intellectual property rights. Di rectors, commissioners,  and employees of the Group have a duty to protect the Group’s intellectual property, just as they have the  obligation to respect that of others. Any invention, discovery, improvement work product, and other  technological development  made by an employee during his/her employment with the Group  related directly  or indirectly to the business of the Group, remain the property of the Group.  Official Records  -  Information is a valuable asset and its integrity depends on the honesty, compl eteness  and accuracy of its records. This means that anyone preparing the Group’s records and reports must be  diligent in assuring the accuracy and completeness of all data, records, reports and expenditure connected  with the Group. The books and records o f the Group must accurately reflect the nature of the underlying  transactions. Books and records must be maintained, in all respects, according to law, the accounting  principles and the policies and procedures that the Group has adopted. The Group will not  evade tax  obligations and all taxable benefits which employees may receive, will be listed and declared for tax  purposes. Employees must keep copies of Group records at a safe location. Directors, commissioners, and  employees of the Group are not permitte d to falsify record or make false or misleading records, including  removing the information that makes the information become false or misleading.  5.  Job Performance  Job Performance  –  directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group are required to perform tasks  assigned in a responsible and reliable manner and to manage time at work efficiently, without wasting the  Group’s time and resources by taking part in unauthorized activi ties including, but not limited, to trading,  gambling or political activities on the premises.  6.  Other Stakeholders  Human Rights  –  the Group respects human rights as an absolute and universal standard. In countries  where the Group is present, we will aim  to support progress on human rights issues in accordance with  what reasonably can be expected from a commercial organization.  Political Activities  –  the Group is not a political organization. It neither supports political parties nor  contributes to the f unds of groups whose activities are calculated to promote party interests.

7  7.  Health, Safety and Environment  Workplace Health and Safety  -  the Group is committed to providing a healthy and safe work environment  for employees, customers, business partners and visitors. Directors, commissioners, and employees of the  Group have responsibilities to support this commitment. Directors, commissio ners and employees of the  Group are responsible for complying with health and safety rules that apply to the job. Directors,  commissioners, and employees of the Group are also responsible for taking precautions necessary to  protect themselves and others, w hich includes reporting accidents, injuries and unsafe practices or  conditions immediately.  Alcohol and Drugs  -  Alcohol and/or drugs can impair an individual’s capacity to perform his/her job safely  and efficiently and with respect for him/herself, his/he r colleagues and customers. The use of such  substances may result in injury or a threat to the well - being of an individual, colleagues, customers or  society. Directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group are prohibited from working under the  influen ce of alcohol, illegal drugs (i.e narcotics, morphine, etc.), and controlled substances or misused over -  the - counter or prescription drugs in the workplace. Involvement with the manufacture, possession, use,  distribution, sale, purchase, or transfer of ille gal drugs is strictly prohibited. Event or activity held related  with the Group, even if occur out of working hours must be free from alcohol unless approved by the  management.  Environment  -  the Group recognizes its responsibilities in protecting the envi ronment. In delivering its  responsibilities, the Group will manage its investments in balance with good environmental management.  The Group will comply with all regulations governing environmental protection and management and  positively impacting to the e nvironment.  C.  COMPLIANCE WITH THE CODE  It is the responsibility of the Group’s Directors and Ethic Committee to ensure that the principles and the  guidelines on ethics embodied in this Code are communicated to, understood and observed by all  employees.  Directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group should be aware of their personal responsibility in  complying with the Code of Ethics. Breaches of Code of Ethics are treated seriously, and may result in  disciplinary action, up to employment terminatio n.  Reporting and Compliance Procedures  It is the obligation of directors, commissioners, and employees of the Group to ask question and/or report  any violations or suspected violations of this Code. If an employee prefers to report any violations or  suspe cted violations to the Code of Ethics to his/her Department Manager/Head directly, any of these  persons who received such report should immediately inform the directors and commissioners of the Group.  The employee may report violations or suspected violati ons of this Code on a confidential or anonymous  basis.

8  All violations or suspected violations also can report to:    Hotline operated by Governance / Internal Audit and Human Resources at (021) 5761719 (Jakarta)  or via sms/phone 0811890960 / toll free  08001401369 (Tokatindung);    Directly  to  the  Ethics  Committee  and  Secretary  of  Ethics  Committee  by  email  to  integrity@archimining.com  or  laporan@helpglobalet hics.com    Directly to the Ethics Committee and Secretary of Ethics Committee by letter to PT Archi Indonesia  Integrity, Menara Rajawali 19th Floor, Jl. Dr. Ide Anak Agung Gde Agung Lot#5.1, Kawasan Mega  Kuningan, Jakarta 12950.  Any such information  received will be reviewed and acted upon .  If it is ensured that an investigation is necessary, the case will be investigated by performing consultation  with parties it deems fit and will make a decision as to whether or not a violation has occurred. In co nducting  the investigation, the Group is allowed to access and perform examination on Company’ assets i.e.  computer, official record, email and any other work - related documents.  The Group will protect a whistle blower action in good faith. No such protect ion will be extended to any  person who intentionally or willfully gives wrong or misleading information against someone else. The Group  takes a serious view of malicious or vexatious reports and will be followed up in accordance with the Group  Regulations.  Compliance Confirmation and Undertaking  Directors, commissioners and employees within The Group will be required to formally  acknowledge their  compliance with this Code each year. A signed Compliance Confirmation and Undertaking form is a  requirement for  continuation of employment at The Group.  The signed Compliance Confirmation and Undertaking Forms from the directors, commissioners and  employees will be consolidated by Internal Audit/Governance Team and Human Resources Department for  evaluation if ther e are any breaches to this Code. The result of the assessment will be notified to the Group  Ethic Committee, based on each case, for further actions.  Integrity Undertaking  Member of directors, commissioners and employees of the Group who hold positions of  trust and  confidence will be required to sign Integrity Undertaking upon appointment and/or upon joining The Group.  Guidance Notes  No Code of Conduct can spell out the appropriate behavior for every situation, nor should it seek to do so.  In the final, T he Group relies on each of us to make a judgment on what is right and proper in any particular  situation.

9  If you are having difficulty in determining whether a certain action is appropriate you should be able to  answer “yes” to the following  questions before taking action:    Is my action legal, and does it comply with The Group’s policy?    Is this action the “right thing to do”? Does my action “feel right?”    Would this action withstand public scrutiny?    Will this action uphold The Group’s reputation  as an ethical The Group?  If the answers are not an unqualified “yes”, we don’t do it.  -  End  -


</Mining_Indonesia_Archi Indonesia_2024.pdf>