This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Mining_Indonesia_Adaro Energy_2018.pdf>

CODE OF CONDUCT  PT ADARO ENERGY  TBK  Distribution list:  •  The  Board of Commissioners  of  PT Adaro Energy  Tbk  •  The  Board of Directors  of  PT Adaro Energy  Tbk  •  The  Audit Committee  of  PT Adaro Energy  Tbk  •  The e mployees  of  PT Adaro Energy  Tbk and subsidiaries  This code of conduct will be reviewed periodically and updated as necessary.  Approved in Jakarta, March 5 th , 2018

Code of Conduct  PT Adaro Energy  Tbk (“the  Company”)  A.  Company  Vision and Missions  B.  Company Values  C.  Code of Conduct  1.  Scope  2.  Compliance with  Laws and Regulations  3.  Responsibilities to Shareholders  4.  Communication s  with Shareholders or Investors  5.  Insider Trading and the Use of Company  Information  6.  Anti - Corruption and Anti - Fraud  7.  Conflict of Interest  8.  Responsibilities  to  and Policies on Employees  9.  Responsibilities  to  and Policies on Customers  10.  Responsibilities  to  and Policies on Suppliers  11.  Responsibilities to the Communities  12.  Company Assets  13.  Occ upational Health and Safety and Environment  14.  Fulfillment of Creditors’ Rights  15.  Information Disclosure  A.  Company Vision and Missions  Company Vision  to be a leading Indonesian mining and energy group  Company Missions  Adaro is in the business of mining and energy to:  a.  Satisfy the needs of  its  customers  b.  Develop its employees  c.  Partner with its suppliers  d.  Support community and national development  e.  Promote  safe and sustainable environment  f.  Maximize shareholder  value  B.  Company Values  Integrity  •  Protect the  C ompany’s assets from fraud, theft, and unauthorized use .  •  Prioritize the  C ompany’s interest above the individual interest .  •  P rovide  only  factual data and information .

Meritocracy  •  Compete fairly and ethically by building c ompetence and delivering the best performance .  •  Support subordinates’ growth by giving equal opportunity .  •  Appraise subordinates’ performance objectively .  Openness  •  Dare to express different opinions for the  C ompany’s  best interest .  •  Dare to admit  mistakes and wrongdoings .  •  Welcome constructive inputs and feedback s .  Respect  •  Demonstrate good manners and avoid  the  us e of  foul  language .  •  Treat everybody with full respect by appreciating differences .  •  Show respect to others by listening attentively .  Excellenc e  •  Execute PDCA  —  Plan, Do, Check, Action  —  consistently for the achievement of  the  C ompany’s objectives .  •  Do best to reach the optimal balance between quality and efficiency .  •  Strive to exceed customer expectations .  C.  Code of Conduct  1.  Scope  a.  This Code of Conduct s hall apply to all employees, the Board of Directors, the Board of  Commissioners and the Audit Committee.  b.  This Code of Conduct set s  forth the principles and behaviors to be upheld in interacting with  stakeholders.  2.  Compliance with Laws and  Regulations  a.  C omply with all applicable laws and regulations and apply Good Corporate Governance’s  principles: transparency, accountability, responsibility, independence and fairness .  3.  Responsibilities to Shareholders  a.  Deliver added values to  shareholders with high respect and integrity .  b.  Deliver information to shareholders on the Company’s development on an accurate and  timely basis, and report the Company’s financial performance and information on a regular  basis .  4.  Communication with Sharehold ers and/or Investors  a.  E nhance shareholders’ and/or investors’ roles and participation through effective and  continuous communications in order to achieve the Company’s objectives .

5.  Insider Trading and the Use of Company Information  a.  N ot buy or sell the Comp any’s shares either directly or through a family member / other  people when  having insider information of the Company .  b.  N ot involve in activities to manipulate the Company’s share price .  c.  N ot disclose, disseminate and/or  use the Company’s confidential inform ation to  unauthorized parties with the purpose to obtain personal and/or other parties’ gain .  6.  Anti - Corruption and Anti - Fraud  a.  N ot give gratification or bribe the state officials or public servants .  b.  N ot give or accept gratification from the  suppliers of goods and/or services, customers and  creditors .  c.  N ot commit any fraud .  7.  Conflict of Interest  a.  Not conduct any transaction  that has  the potential to create a ny  conflict of interest with the  Company .  b.  Obtain approval from the Company’s Board of Dir ectors if involved in or become a member  of  the executive or supervisory board , or shareholder of a business  which is  a direct  competitor and/or supplier of the Company and may cause a conflict of interest with the  Company .  8.  Responsibilities  to  and Policie s on Employees  a.  T reat employees on a fair and respectful manner by taking account of their rights and  dignity  as a human .  b.  U pdate employees on the Company’s development .  c.  Create comfortable and safe work environment .  9.  Responsibilities  to  and Policies on  Customers  a.  E nsure customer  satisfaction .  b.  Provide accurate information regarding the products and/or services offered by the  Company .  c.  Comply with and respect all agreed terms, conditions, and contracts .  10.  Responsibilities  to  and Policies on Suppliers  a.  Give equal opportunities to all  suppliers  based on what  the Company  require s.  b.  Treat suppliers based on the agreed rights and obligations  11.  Responsibilities to the Communities  a.  C arry out programs  that can empower the communities surrounding the Company’s  oper ational location s.

12.  Company Assets  a.  Responsible for protecting the Company’s assets and only use them for the Company’s  interests .  13.  Occupational Health and Safety and Environment  a.  Apply the best practice s  in managing occupational health and safety and enviro nment .  14.  Fulfillment of Creditors’ Rights  a.  Committed to  fulfilling the  creditors’ rights under the  agreed  terms .  15.  Information Disclosure  a.  Committed to providing information on all Company’s information including the financial  condition,  performance, and control as well as the Company’s governance in accordance  with the applicable laws and regulations .  b.  Convey  information disclosure to the Financial Services Authority, Indonesian Stock  Exchange and the public on the information considered m aterial, relevant, and influential to  the shareholders and/or investors’ investment decisions .


</Mining_Indonesia_Adaro Energy_2018.pdf>