This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Mining_Indonesia_Petrindo Jaya Kreasi_2022.pdf>

Code of Conduct  PT Petrindo Jaya Kreasi Tbk.

Code of Conduct  PT Petrindo Jaya Kreasi and  all subsidiaries  A. Company Vision and Missions  B. Company Values  C. Purpose & Scope of The Code of Conduct  D. Code of Conduct  1.  Compliance with Laws and Regulations  2.  Responsibilities and Policies to Employees  3.  Responsible to Environment and Safety  4.  Anti-Corruption and Anti Bribery  5.  Conflict of Interest  6.  Insider Trading and the Use of Company Information  7.  Safeguarding Asset  8.  Safeguarding Information and Personal Data  9.  Responsibilities to Shareholders  10. Responsibilities and Policies to Customers  11. Responsibilities and Policies to Suppliers  12. Responsibilities and Policies to Communities  13. Information Disclosure

A. Company Vision and Missions  Company Vision  To be the preferred energy and mineral mining company in Indonesia through the creation of  value in a sustainable manner  Company Missions  ●  To continue to grow alongside of all stakeholders  ●  To  provide  customers  with  reliable  products  and  services  with  minimum  environmental impact  ●  To create sustainable and profitable growth to optimize shareholders value  ●  to be part who contributes the development of communities and the growth of  Indonesia  B. Company Values  A. Excellence  We put our whole souls into our job and aspire to do more and commitment to delivering the  best.  B. Persistence  We strive for do our best despite all obstacles and difficulties that might come.  C. Quality  We endeavor to provide high-quality services and goods that satisfy customers.  D. Sustainability  We strive to provide reliable products with minimum environmental impact and be the part  that contributing in the development of community and economic growth while aiming of  sustainable growth.  E.  Teamwork  To achieve the desired results, we collaborate with others in a way that takes advantage of  each team member's particular strengths to complete a task in the most effective and efficient  way.

C. Purpose and Scope of This Code of Conduct  This code of conduct is a guideline that sets out how every employee (including the member  of Board of Directors and Board of Commissioners) of Petrindo Jaya Kreasi has to follow  every day. This code of conduct instructs and advises us on how to behave with:  1.  Our employees, or those who work with us;  2.  Our customers;  3.  The communities and the environment in which we operate;  4.  Our value-chain partners, including suppliers and service providers, contractors,  channel partners, consultants, intermediaries and agents;  5.  Our joint-venture partners or other business associates;  6.  Our financial stakeholders;  7.  Government  8.  Our subsidiaries and affiliate companies  Every employee, whether full-time, part-time, fixed-term, permanent or trainee, contractor,  consultant, and/or any other third party who works for or represents Petrindo Jaya Kreasi is  expected  to  understand  and  respect  this  Code of Conduct. Petrindo Jaya Kreasi takes  noncompliance with this Code of Conduct very seriously and may result in disciplinary action,  including dismissal and legal action  D. Code of Conduct  1.  Compliance with Laws and Regulations  Petrindo Jaya Kreasi is committed to comply with the laws and regulations at all times.  Petrindo does not allow any employees to violate the law and do unethical business.  a. All employees must behave well above the minimum standards which is required by law  and ensures that their actions do not contravene the laws and regulations which regulate  Petrindo Jaya Kreasi’s operational activities.  b. All employees are prohibited to engage in any direct behavior that is violating the  prevailing law and regulation.

c. All employees are prohibited to support and/or donate fund for illegal organization and  activities against the applicable law.  2.  Responsibilities and Policies to Employees  Petrindo Jaya Kreasi expects its employees to act in a business-like manner, respect the norm of  society, and obey the prevailing rules and regulations, including the superior’s instruction and  direction. Petrindo Jaya Kreasi recognizes the equal rights of all employees and will not tolerate  any act of discrimination in any form in the work area.  a. All employees must behave in a professional manner;  b. All  employees  must  avoid  any  action,  behavior  or  attitude  which  is  humiliating,  intimidating or hostile.  c. All employees are prohibited to behave against the common norms which prevails in the  society.  d. All employees are prohibited to perform unpleasant acts such as threat, violence, and terror.  e. All employees must respect the dignity and human rights of colleagues and all others they  come into contact as part of their jobs  f.  All employees must treat everyone fairly, equally, and accept the value of diversity.  g. All employees must not discriminate one against another on the grounds of race, age, role,  gender, color, religion, country of origin, marital status, disability, social class or political  views.  3.  Responsibilities to Environment and Safety  Petrindo  Jaya  Kreasi  is  committed  to  continuously  implement  the  Health,  Safety,  and  Environment (HSE) management system to protect its employees, visitors, communities or any  other person that are domiciled in or around the mine areas of any hazard, and also to protect  the environment from the impact of the company activities.  a. All employees must ensure their own readiness and health condition before starting to  work, in order to prevent any situation or incident which may cause an accident.  b. All employees must perform hazard identification, risk assessment and set control for every  activity.

c. All employees must read and obey all relevant procedures or work instructions before  starting to work and apply these throughout the work implementation for occupational  safety and health.  d. All employees must wear appropriate Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) in every work  implementation.  e. All employees must follow emergency response procedure when there is an emergency  condition occurring.  f.  All employees must undertake the responsibility to ensure that Petrindo Jaya Kreasi’s  operations meet the applicable government standards.  g. When  an  environmental  incident  occurs,  all  employees  must  immediately  take  the  necessary steps to restore the environment to its pre-incident condition.  h. Every employee must always consider the environmental aspect, including the impact,  when designing or selecting tools or equipment.  i.  All employees must develop and implement a program to prevent and reduce the release of  any substance that has the potential to harm or damage the environment.  4.  Anti-Corruption and Anti Bribery  Petrindo Jaya Kreasi is fully committed in fighting any form of corruption. As a result, Petrindo  Jaya Kreasi strictly prohibits any form of bribery or corruption among its employees. When  dealing with business partners or government officials, they are not permitted to request or  receive valuables that could be interpreted as an attempt to influence or persuade business  decisions.  a. All employees must refuse bribes and hidden commissions from suppliers or others.  b. All employees are required to follow the applicable Anti-Corruption Law.  c. All employees are prohibited from offering or providing bribes or improper benefits to any  public official, other individual, or third party.

5.  Anti-Money Laundering  Petrindo Jaya Kreasi and its employees shall comply with all applicable anti-money laundering  laws, and not associate with any activity implicating money laundering.  a. All employees must notify their line manager immediately if they have any suspicious  about actual or potential money laundering activity  b. Ensure that sufficient screening to assess a third party’s identity and legitimacy has been  performed before Petrindo Jaya Kreasi and all subsidiaries enters into a contract or a  transaction with third party  6.  Conflicts of Interest  All Petrindo Jaya Kreasi employees are not permitted to develop or maintain a personal interest  that may cause, or appears to cause, a conflict with Petrindo Jaya Kreasi's interests, or that may  influence, or appears to influence, your judgment in the performance of your duties.  a. All employees are prohibited from engaging in any type of investment or personal benefit  that may cause others to question your fairness, integrity, or ability to perform your duties  objectively.  b. Employees  are not permitted to profit personally from information or anything else  obtained as a result of their position, duties, or responsibilities at Petrindo Jaya Kreasi.  c. All employees must always act in the best interests of our company and ensure that any  business or personal association, including close personal relationships, does not conflict  with their roles and responsibilities in our company or the operations of our company.  Furthermore, our employees must not engage in any business, relationship, or activity that  could jeopardize the interests of our company or our group companies.

7.  Insider Trading and the Use of Company Information  All Petrindo Jaya Kreasi employees must refrain from engaging in any form of insider trading  or assisting others, including immediate family, friends, or business associates, to derive any  benefit from access to and possession of price sensitive information that is not in the public  domain. Information about our company, our group companies, our clients, and our suppliers  would be examples of such information.  a. Tipping is the illegal practice of providing material nonpublic information to another  person who may trade or advise others to trade on the basis of that information. As a result,  all employees are prohibited from "tipping" or providing material nonpublic information  about the company to anyone other than a company employee.  b. All  employees  are  prohibited  from  providing any kind of trading advice about the  Company to anyone, regardless of whether such Insider is aware of material nonpublic  information about the Company.  c.  All employees are prohibited from buying, selling, or otherwise trading in Company  securities while knowing material nonpublic information about the Company.  8.  Safeguarding Asset  Employees of Petrindo Jaya Kreasi are responsible for ensuring that all Petrindo Jaya Kreasi  assets are used efficiently, effectively, and appropriately, as well as preventing loss, damage,  misuse, theft, misappropriation, or infringement. Petrindo Jaya Kreasi's assets can be monetary,  tangible, or intangible, and include, but are not limited to, mine areas, buildings, machineries,  equipment,  tools,  spare  parts,  funds,  software, know-how, data, patents, and intellectual  property.  a. All employees must use Petrindo Jaya Kreasi's assets solely for the benefit of the company.  b. Petrindo Jaya Kreasi's assets must be used appropriately and responsibly by all employees.  c. Employees are not permitted to remove Petrindo Jaya Kreasi assets from the designated  premises without the permission of the relevant unit or supervisor.  d. Employees are not permitted to use Petrindo Jaya Kreasi's assets in any manner that is  inappropriate, unjustified, or for personal gain.

9.  Safeguarding Information and Personal Data  Personal data privacy must be protected from violations caused by the disclosure of personal  information to unauthorized parties, such as name and contact information, employment and  financial information, health-related, career-related, or other types of data.  a. All employees are prohibited from sending or distributing personal data to anyone else  without the consent or authority of the person concerned.  b. All employees are prohibited from sharing personal data of a person with unauthorized  agencies or individuals, as well as disclosing any information related to employment data  to unauthorized parties.  10. Responsibilities to Shareholders  Petrindo Jaya Kreasi is fully committed to one of the company's missions, which is to generate  sustainable and profitable growth in order to maximize shareholder value.  a. To maintain sustainability, we must provide added value to shareholders in a responsible  and ethical manner.  b. We will inform our shareholders about relevant aspects of our business in a fair, accurate,  and timely manner, in accordance with applicable law and agreements.  c. We will keep accurate records of our activities and will follow disclosure standards set by  applicable law and industry standards.  11.  Responsibilities and Policies to Customers  Petrindo Jaya Kreasi's core mission is to provide customers with dependable products and  services, which builds and maintains customer trust in our product.  a. In order to satisfy our customers, we are committed to providing world-class products and  services that meet all applicable standards.  b. Our interactions with customers must be professional, fair, and transparent.  c. We will market our products and services on their own merits and will not make unfair or  misleading statements about our competitors' products and services.

12. Responsibilities and Policies to Suppliers  Our value chain partners include our suppliers and contractors. We will operate and conduct  supplier selection with integrity and professionalism, as well as by making the best use of  available resources.  a. We will select our suppliers and service providers in a fair and transparent manner.  b. We seek to collaborate with suppliers and service providers who can demonstrate shared  values.  c. We adhere to our commitments regarding the use of third-party intellectual property and  data.  d. We make certain that the suppliers or Purchasing decisions must be made on the basis of  reasonable and competitive prices, quality, and services, and they must be accurate in the  event of an investigation.  13. Responsibilities and Policies to Communities  We are committed to good corporate citizenship and will actively assist in the improvement of  the quality of life of the people in the communities in which we operate, as one of our missions  is to be part of who contributes to the development of communities and the growth of  Indonesia.  a. We work with the community and other stakeholders to reduce the negative impact of our  business operations on the local community and the environment.  b. All employees must provide appropriate and timely support and assistance for any  complaint from society, particularly the local community surrounding Petrindo Jaya  Kreasi's mine area, as a result of the environmental impact caused by Petrindo Jaya  Kreasi's business activities.

14. Information Disclosure  Any  written  or  oral communication made publicly on behalf of Petrindo Jaya Kreasi  constitutes a public disclosure. The information provided must be true, accurate, consistent,  and not deceptive.  a. All  employees  are  prohibited from disclosing any Petrindo Jaya Kreasi confidential  information.  b. All unauthorized employees are forbidden from making public statements about Petrindo  Jaya Kreasi's business activities.  c.  All employees must ensure that any information disclosed on behalf of Petrindo Jaya  Kreasi is true, accurate, consistent, not misleading, and in accordance with all applicable  laws and regulations.


</Mining_Indonesia_Petrindo Jaya Kreasi_2022.pdf>