This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Mining_Indonesia_TIMAH_2021.pdf>

1  PROFFESSIONALS WITH BUSINESS ETHICS CORPORATE ETHICS POLICY  TABLE OF CONTENTS GLOSSARY OF TERMS CHAPTER 1: INTRODUCTION A. BACKGROUND AND SYSTEMATICS OF CODE OF CONDUCT B. BASIS OF CODE OF CONDUCT ARRANGEMENT C. VISION, MISSION AND VALUES OF THE COMPANY D. PURPOSE, GOALS AND BENEFIT OF CODE OF CONDUCT E. TARGET OF CODE OF CONDUCT F.  RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE COMPANY’S PERSONNEL G. RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE COMPANY'S LEADERS CHAPTER II: BUSINESS ETHICS OF THE COMPANY A. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS B. GIVING AND ACCEPTING GIFTS, GRATIFICATION, BRIBERY AND OTHERS C. CONCERN TO OCCUPATIONAL HEALTH AND SAFETY AND THE ENVIRONMENT D. GRANTING THE SAME OPPORTUNITIES TO EMPLOYEES FOR EMPLOYMENT, PROMOTION AND WORK TERMINATION E. ETHICAL STANDARDS FOR RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS 1.  Relationship with Company’s Personnel 2.  Relationship with Customers/Consumers 3.  Relationship with Suppliers 4.  Relationship with Creditors 5.  Relationship with Surrounding Communities and Environment 6.  Relationship with Government 7.  Relationship with Shareholders (Investors) 8.  Relationship with Business Partners 9.  Relationship with Competitors 10. Relationship with Mass Media 11. Relationship with Subsidiaries

2  F.  ETHICAL STANDARDS OF MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES 1.  Conduct as Superiors toward Subordinates 2.  Conduct as Subordinates towards Superiors 3.  Conduct as Coworkers 4.  Intellectual Property Rights  CHAPTER III : CODE OF CONDUCT OF THE COMPANY’S PERSONNEL A.  COMMITMENT OF THE COMPANY’S PERSONNEL B.  MAINTAINING THE COMPANY’S REPUTATION C.  MAINTAINING GOOD RELATIONSHIP AMONG THE COMPANY’S PERSONNEL D.  KEEPING THE COMPANY’S CONFIDENTIALITY E.  SAFEGUARDING AND USING THE COMPANY ASSETS F.  MAINTAINING OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH AND ENVIRONMENT G.  IMMORAL BEHAVIORS, NARCOTICS, ILLICIT DRUGS, GAMBLING, SMOKING,  AND OTHER  ACTIONS DISRUPTING WORK ENVIRONMENT H.  COMPANY DATA RECORDING AND REPORT  ARRANGEMENT I.  INSIDER TRADING J.  GIVING AND ACCEPTING GIFTS, GRATIFICATION, BRIBERY AND OTHERS K.  CONFLICT OF INTEREST L.  POLITICAL ACTIVITIES CHAPTER IV: ENFORCEMENT AND REPORTING A.  CODE OF CONDUCT COMMITMENT B.  DISSEMINATION AND INTERNALIZATION C.  VIOLATION D.  VIOLATION REPORTING MECHANISM E.  SANCTION FOR VIOLATION F.  REWARD FOR COMPLIANCE TO CODE OF CONDUCT ATTACHMENTS SHEET I : INTEGRITY PACT OF GOOD CORPORATE GOVERNANCE IMPLEMENTATION FOR  THE BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS AND  THE BOARD OF

3  DIRECTORS SHEET II : INTEGRITY PACT OF GOOD CORPORATE GOVERNANCE IMPLEMENTATION FOR HEAD S OF WORK UNITS AND OFFICIALS  ONE LEVEL BELOW HEAD OF WORK UNIT SHEET III : INTEGRITY PACT OF GOOD CORPORATE GOVERNANCE IMPLEMENTATION FOR THE EMPLOYEE S

4  GLOSSARY OF TERMS  1.  Company  with capital letter C is PT Timah (Persero) Tbk, while company with small letter c refers to a company in general. 2.  Board of Commissioner s is an Organ of the Company comprising all members of the Board of Commissioners as a whole (a Board) tasked to conduct  supervision  generally  or  specifically  in  accordance  with  the Articles  of Association  as  well  as  to  impart  advice  to  the  Board  of Directors. 3.  Member of the Board of Commissioners  is a member of the Board of Commissioners as an individual (not a Board). 4.  Board of Directors  is an Organ of the Company comprising all members of the Board of Directors as a whole (a Board) which has authority and responsibility  for  the  Company’s  stewardship  for  the  interest  of  the Company,  in  accordance  with  the  purpose  and  objectives  of  the Company, and also for representing the Company inside and outside of the courts in accordance with the Articles of Association. 5.  Member  of  the  Board  of  Directors  is  a  member  of  the  Board  of Directors as an individual (not a Board). 6.  The  Company’s  Personnel  are  all  members  of  the  Board  of Commissioners, all members of the Board of Directors, and all Employees of the Company. 7.  Employees  are  all  personnel  formally  bound  in  an  employment relationship  with  the  Company,  both  permanent  employees  and contractual  employees  in  accordance  with  prevailing  laws  and regulations, from the lowest level to the highest level, which is one level below the Board of Directors. 8.  Management  is the Board of Directors along with structural officials in accordance with the organizational structure, which functions to carry out activities based on the predetermined limit of authority. 9.  Head of Unit  is an official whose position is one level below the Board of Directors. 10.  Direct  Superordinate  is  the  position  above  the  position  held  by personnel to whom he/she must answer.

5  11.  Stakeholders  are the parties with interest or concern in the Company, directly and indirectly, namely Shareholders, Board of Commissioners, Board of Directors, Employees, Government, Creditors and other parties with interest or concern. 12.  Business  Partners  are  the  parties,  both  individual  and  companies, entering into business cooperation with the Company based on potential and  feasibility  with  due  regard  to  principles  of  mutual  needs, strengthening one another and mutual benefit. 13.  Suppliers or Providers of Goods/Services  are business entities or individuals/persons  providing  goods/construction  works/consultancy services/other services for the Company. 14.  Creditors  are individuals/persons, business entities or other business entities granting loans or funds/those similar to funds to the Company for a certain period under the agreed terms and conditions. 15.  Competitors  are companies producing or selling products/services that are similar with the Company’s products/services. 16.  Intellectual property  is the property that is most notably related to products or processes useful to humans and derived from the thinking ability or creations of the mind. 17.  Gratuities  are gifts in the broad sense, which include money, goods, rebates  (discounts),  commissions,  and  loans  without  interest,  travel tickets, lodging facilities, tours, free medical treatment, and other facilities. Such gratuities are either used with electronic means or without electronic means. 18.  Good  Corporate  Governance  shall  be  the  principles  underlying company management process and mechanism based on prevailing laws and regulations and business ethics. 1  19.  Corporate Values  are moral foundations in pursuing the Company’s vision and mission. 20.  Ethic s is a system of values or norms believed by all Personnel of the Company as standards of behavior in the Company.  1  Regulation of the Minister of SOE No. PER ‐ 09/MBU/2012 in conjunction with the Regulation of the Minister of SOE No. PER ‐ 01/MBU/2011 regarding Implementation of Good Corporate Governance within the State ‐ Owned Enterprises (SOEs), Article 1

6  21.  Business Ethics  shall mean reference for the Company in conducting business activities including in interacting with stakeholders. 22.  Work Ethics  shall mean a system of values or norms embraced by all Leaders and Employees in carrying out their duties including the conduct in the relations amongst Employees and the Company. 23.  Code of Conduct  is a set of commitments consisting of the Company’s Business Ethics and Employees’ Work Ethics arranged  to form, manage and align behaviors with a view to achieve consistent outputs that are in conformity with the Company’s culture in achieving its vision and mission. 24.  Conflict of Interest  is a difference between economic interests of the Company and economic interests of members of the Company’s Board of Directors, Board of Commissioners, or Ultimate Shareholder, that may be detrimental to the Company.  CHAPTER I INTRODUCTION  A.  BACKGROUND AND SYSTEMATICS OF CODE OF CONDUCT  The Company recognizes the importance of Good Corporate Governance (GCG)  implementation  as  one  way  to  enhance  value,  business development, enhance competitiveness, and long-term business growth on an ongoing basis not only for shareholders but also for stakeholders, which means that the management of business is not merely to pursue profit but also a management that is full of trust, transparent and accountable. The trusts of the stakeholders such as Employees, Business Partners, Suppliers, Customers, Communities and other stakeholders are crucial factors for the development and viability of the Company's business. The loss of stakeholder’s trust may cause the loose of business opportunities and may threaten the continuation of Company's business.

7  The Company's credibility and trust are closely related to the Company's behavior in interacting with the stakeholders.  In addition to the compliance of the applicable laws and regulations, the management of the Company shall also uphold ethical norms and values.  Awareness of good ethics will enhance and strengthen the Company's positive image. Based on this basis, the Company prepares the Code of Conduct or the COC. COC is a set  of  commitments,  consist  of  Company's  business  ethics  and  work ethics, which was created to form, organize and conform the behavior of all Company’s Personnel to achieve consistent output that aligns with the Company's culture in achieving its vision and mission. In the preparation of this COC, the Company always take into account the applicable laws and regulations, vision, mission, objectives and values of the  Company,  internal  and  external  best  practices  and  the  Code  of Corporate Governance (COCG). As  a  dynamic  policy,  the  COC  will  be  reviewed  periodically  and continuously  in  accordance  with  the  dynamics  of  the  business environment.  However,  for  any  changes  made,  the  Company  will  not sacrifice the existing values for short-term advantages. B.  BASIS OF CODE OF CONDUCT ARRANGEMENT The Company's COC is arranged based on the following conduct: 1. Prioritizing compliance to applicable laws and regulations and taking into account the norms applicable in the communities in which the Company operates 2. Avoiding acts, behaviors or other offenses that may lead to conflicts of interest,  corruption,  collusion  and  nepotism  and  always  put  the interests  of  the  Company  above  personal,  family,  accountability, independence and justice in the management of the Company, or other groups. 3. Being aware that the Company is required to grow and develop in accordance  with  the  dynamics  and  market  developments  and demands of the stakeholders.

8  4. Prioritizing the safety and health of employees and communities in which the Company operates. 5. Contributing to the improvement of the welfare of society, nation and state. 6. Implementing principles of transparency, accountability, responsibility, independence and fairness in managing the Company.  C.  VISION, MISSION AND CORPORATE VALUES  VISION  Becoming a world-class mining company towards quality life.  MISSION  Optimizing corporate values, contributing to shareholders, and being socially responsible. Building competent human resources that  possess integrity, creativity and positive values. Establishing harmonious relationships with related parties (stakeholders).  CORPORATE VALUES  In conducting its business, the entire elements of PT Timah (Persero) Tbk and subsidiaries uphold: INTEGRITY Possessing  honesty,  responsibility  for  and  consistency  in  all  actions  in achieving the Company’s goals. COMMITMENT Able to fulfill agreements and promises with full responsibility. OPEN Easy to accept the inputs and able to adapt to any environmental changes that occur. RATIONAL Able  to  perform  activities  in  a  well-planned,  organized  manner  with  full consideration and calculation.

9  VISIONARY Having  the  ability  to  innovate  and  look  ahead  without  space  and  time constraints. D.  PURPOSE, GOALS AND BENEFIT OF CODE OF CONDUCT 1. The purposes of applying the Code of Conduct to the Company are as follows: a. Every Personnel of the Company understands that all activities of the  Company  are  based  on  the  principles  of  good  corporate governance. b. To encourage all Personnel of the Company to have good behavior in carrying out all activities of the Company. c. To create a healthy and comfortable working environment within the Company. d. To minimize the possible occurrence of violations as part of risk management and to build the Company's reputation. 2. The Goals of the Company’s Code of Conduct are as follows: a. As a joint commitment to realize the Company’s vision and carry out the mission in a professional and ethical manner. b. As behavioral guidelines for all Personnel of the Company that must be adhered to while carrying out all activities in the Company. c. As  a  guidance  to  avoid  conflicts  of  interest  in  carrying  out  all activities in the Company. d. To achieve harmonious relationships with stakeholders 3. The  Company  undertakes  to  implement  the  Code  of  Conduct consistently to provide long-term benefits for: a. The Company 1) To encouraging the Company's operational activities to be more efficient and effective, considering the Customers, Community, Government  and  other  Stakeholders’  relations  have  ethical standards that must be followed.

10  2) To increase the value of the Company by providing assurance and protection to stakeholders in dealing with the Company to produce good reputation; this eventually will lead to long-term business goals. b. Shareholders To increase the trust that the Company is managed in a trustworthy, prudent,  efficient,  transparent,  accountable  and  fair  manner  to achieve level of profitability expected by the Shareholders while still considering the interests of the Company c. Personnel of the Company 1) To provide guidance for Personnel of the Company regarding the behaviors desired and prohibited by the Company. 2) To create a work environment that upholds the values of honesty, ethics and openness, so that will improve the performance and productivity of every Company’s Personnel as a whole. d. Communities  and  other  related  parties  create  harmonious  and mutually  beneficial  relationships  with  the  Company,  which  will ultimately  create  social  economic  welfare  for  society  and  other related parties E.  TARGET OF CODE OF CONDUCT The parties that are required to comply with and implement the COC are: 1. All Personnel of the Company 2. Subsidiaries 3. Investors (Shareholders) 4. Business Partners 5. Customers 6. Suppliers 7. Other related parties

11  F.  RESPONSIBILITIES OF PERSONNEL OF THE COMPANY 1. To learn and understand in details the COC related to their works in accordance with the ethical standards set forth in the COC 2. Any question concerning COC implementation and violation may be submitted to the direct supervisor and/or to the Director of Business Development as the party responsible for the implementation of COC in the Company 3. To  understand  the  procedures  used  to  notify  or  report  potential violations of the COC. 4. To be willing to cooperate in the investigation process against possible violations of the COC G.  RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE COMPANY'S LEADERS 1. To build and maintain the culture of compliance with COC by: a. Personally encouraging the compliance with COC. b. Conducting  regular  monitoring  of  programs  with  an  aim  to encourage the compliance of the Company’s Personnel with COC c. Providing a good example of how to behave or act everyday. 2. To  ensure  that  each  Personnel  of  the  Company  understands  that compliance with COC is as important as performance achievement. 3. To  consider  the  issue  of  compliance  with  COC  in  evaluating  and rewarding the Company's employees. 4. To prevent possible violations of the COC by: a. Ensuring that the risk of  potential violations of  COC related to business processes can be identified early and systematically. b. Conducting identification and reporting pursuant to the established procedures the activities of Subsidiaries and Business Partners that may lead to potential violations of COC. c. Ensuring the implementation of education and training of COC for all Personnel of the Company, Subsidiaries, Affiliates and disseminate to  Business  Partners  so  that  the  all  parties  understand  COC thoroughly

12  5. To detect possible violations of COC by: a. Applying  inherent  supervision  to  minimize  the  risk  of  possible violations of the COC. b. Creating a reporting system for possible violations of the COC to protect the confidentiality of the Company’s Personnel’s reporting. c. Ensuring  periodic  evaluation  of  COC  implementation  by  the Business  Development  Director  to  assess  the  effectiveness  of implementation and how to improve on existing weaknesses. 6. To follow up reports of possible violations of COC by: a. Fixing quickly and appropriately the deficiencies encountered in the assessment of compliance with COC implementation. b. Providing legal sanctions for undisciplined acts. c. Consulting with the Legal Task Force if a COC violation needs the intervention of law enforcement apparatus or the authorities.  CHAPTER II BUSINESS ETHICS OF THE COMPANY  In conducting its business activities, the Company shall pay attention to the Company's internal and external ethics. Ethics in the COC is the moral values and norms as the guidance for an individual or a group of people to regulate their behavior. The Business Ethics of the Company is an explanation of how the Company as a business entity behaves ethically and acts in an effort to balance the interests of the Company with the interests of all Stakeholders in accordance  with  GCG  principles  and  healthy  corporate  values  while maintaining the Company's profitability. A.  COMPLIANCE WITH THE REGULATIONS Regulation is a legal product that must be complied with and become guidance. Therefore, compliance with laws is the standard of ethics to be followed.  Understanding  of  the  prevailing  laws  and  regulations  in  all activities must be embraced in every business activity of the Company.

13  Complying with the laws and regulations is the key element that must be maintained in every action undertaken by each Personnel of the Company. Further stipulation shall be pursuant to the Company’s regulations in force. B.  GIVING AND ACCEPTING  GIFT  /  GRATIFICATION,  BRIBERY AND OTHERS Giving and/or receiving gifts, souvenirs and also business reception are conducted  in  order  to  enforce  social  interaction  and  fostering  good relationships  between  the  Company  and  partners  in  a  healthy  and reasonable and accountable manner without causing conflict of interest which may affect the decision making in running the Company's business. The Company prohibits the following actions: 1) Gratification Gratification  is  a  gift  in  a  broad  sense,  including  money,  goods,  rebate (discount),  commissions,  interest-free  loans,  travel  tickets,  lodging,  travel, treatment free of charge, and other amenities. Gratuities are either carried out by using electronic means or without electronic means. Each of the Company's personnel is not permitted to receive gratification that could influence in decision-making or associated with the position. 2) Bribery Bribery is a gift or pledge to give to someone or official that can influence decisions related to his/her position among others by doing or not doing something in his post contrary to its obligations, to benefit the giver of bribes. Bribery can be in the form of money, goods, and facilities giving or accepting the post of the official's family or forms and other facilities that could become a reward.

14  Each of the Company's personnel is not allowed to offer or accept bribes or directly tell others to do so for the interests of the person concerned. 3) Improper Payments Improper Payment is special payment practices, entertainment and support to parties outside the Company in order to expedite the course of business of the Company in excess of reasonableness/feasibility applicable in the business world. Each of the Company's personnel is not justified to practice the improper payment to the parties outside of the Company or directly tell others to do so for the interests of the parties concerned. C.  CONCERN  TO  OCCUPATIONAL  HEALTH  AND  SAFETY  AND  THE ENVIRONMENT The  Vision  of  the  Company’s  Occupational  Health  and  Safety  and Environment  (OHSE)  is  to  realize  employees  who  are  healthy,  safe, productive, independent, effective and efficient in all aspects of activities in the  Company.  OHSE  management  is  critical  to  the  success  of  the Company's business activities. Implementing and maintaining behaviors that  can  realize  OHSE  is  a  shared  responsibility  of  the  Company’s Personnel. Therefore, the Company’s Personnel are obligated to: 1. Comply with all the prevailing laws and regulations of national and international levels concerning Occupational Safety and Health. 2. Create  and  maintain  a  safe  working  environment  and  prioritize preventive measures to avoid the accident 3. Handle environmental pollution problem occurring in an effective and efficient manner 4. Understand and comply all established Safety procedures D.  GRANTING  THE  SAME  OPPORTUNITIES  OF  EMPLOYMENT, PROMOTION AND TERMINATION TO EMPLOYEES 1. Upholding  the  principles  of  justice,  equality  and  non-discrimination (regardless  of  religious  background,  race,  ethnicity,  nationality, personal relationships (friendship and kinship), skin color, nationality,

15  sex (including pregnancy), sexual preference, age, disability, veteran status or other characteristics protected by law in treating prospective Employees and current Employees to obtain employment, education and training, compensation, promotion or retirement in accordance with applicable regulations. 2. Upholding the Company's  laws  and regulations  consistently  without distinction of race, gender, religion and position. 3. Complying  with  applicable  labor  regulations,  including  regulations governing freedom of association, assembly and making opinion. E.  ETHICAL STANDARDS FOR RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS Trust is an important element to improve the loyalty of Customers and other  parties  related  to  the  Company.  In  addition,  service  quality improvement is an added value for the Company.  To create a harmonious and trustworthy business, the Company in conducting its business always acts professionally, honestly, fairly and consistently in providing services to stakeholders. The Company's foundation in fostering relationships with Stakeholders is conducted under the following conditions: 1. Relationship with the Company’s Personnel Behavior of the Company’s Personnel is a specific response of each Personnel of the Company to the daily work situation in the field, which results  in  the  achievement  of  the  Company’s  vision  and  business performance. In order to realize quality relationship that is fair and able to spur intensity and quality of the Company’s personnel’s participation, the Company will treat its Personnel in a fair manner as members of the Company by doing the following: a.  Respect the right of the Company’s personnel and always involve the Company’s Personnel in establishing the policy of Employee management consistently in accordance with prevailing laws and regulations. b.  Disseminate all regulations, in particular new regulations, to all Personnel of the Company.

16  c.  Apply the systems of recruitment, selection, promotion, and career development in a fair and consistent manner based on competency according to the Company’s needs. d.  Create equal job opportunities to all Personnel of the Company regardless of ethnicity, race, gender and religion. e.  Provide work environment that is healthy, safe and productive and maintain occupational safety and health of the Employees. f.  Make efforts to promote the welfare of the Company’s Personnel in a fair, decent, and transparent manner according to the Company’s performance and ability. g.  Give  assessment,  appreciation,  and  payment  of  remuneration based on performance and competency of the Employees, either as corporate, in team work, and as an individual. h.  Respect the creativity, innovation and, initiative of Employees that can give value added to the Company. 2.  Relationship with Customers/Consumers The  Company’s  success  depends  on  the  creation  of  productive relationship  with  customers  based  on  integrity,  professionalism, communication, and attitude to serve according to the Company’s corporate values by doing the following: a.  Develop  quality  services  that  meet  customers’  expectations  and establish long-term relationship that is mutually beneficial. b.  Maintain an excellent quality of products and services based on national and international standards. c.  Provide clear information on the Company’s products and services and make available means of communications for the Customers. 3. Relationship with Suppliers a.  Give equal treatment to all suppliers or vendors. b.  Procurement process of goods and services in the Company must be free from Corruption, Collusion and Nepotism.

17  c.  Do not influence each other, either directly or indirectly, which may give rise  to  unfair  competition  and  decreasing  quality  of  procurement process of goods and services and work results. d.  Prevent the occurrence of conflict of interest of the parties involved directly or indirectly in the procurement process. e.  Carry out procurement process transparently, competitively, and fairly to get Suppliers that meet the qualification requirements and accountable price. f.  Fulfill each other’s right and responsibility pursuant to the agreement that is mutually agreed. g.  Establish a good communication with Suppliers including to follow-up complaints and objections. 4. Relationship with Creditors a.  Make  available  actual  and  prospective  information  to  prospective creditors. b.  Choose Creditors which have credibility and accountability, and is bona fide, free from Corruption, Collusion and Nepotism by emphasizing the principle of prudence, selectivity, competitiveness and fairness. c.  Provide information transparently on the use of funds to increase the creditors’ trust. d.  Fulfill the rights and obligations in accordance with agreements between the Company and its Creditors. 5. Relationship with Surrounding Communities and Environment Fostering a good relationship with the community is a basic principle for the Company’s long-term success. Therefore, the Company continuously makes efforts to: a.  Respect values, norms, and culture of the communities surrounding the Company’s areas of operations and realize a harmonious relationship with local communities. b.  Maintain environmental sustainability and cleanliness.

18  c.  Carry  out  Corporate  Social  Responsibility  and  environmental  and community development programs according to prevailing laws and regulations. 6. Relation with Government One  of  the  relationships  the  Company  should  maintain  is  the relationship with regulators. This understanding underlies the Company's commitment to building relationships with all Government agencies and officials (Regulators) under applicable laws and regulations. The Company is committed to maintaining good and communicative relationships with all Government agencies and officials (Regulators) related to the Company's business activities. Matters  of  imporance  in  maintaining  the  relationship  with  the Government (Regulator) are as follows: a.  To  comply  with  and  support  prevailing  regulations  related  to  the Company's operations including compliance with tax payments, user charges, employment and environmental issues. b.  To  foster  healthy,  harmonious  and  constructive  relationships  with Regulator and other relevant agencies from both the Central and Local Governments. c.  To avoid the practice of Corruption, Collusion and Nepotism (KKN) in dealing with the Government (Regulator). d.  To prioritize honesty and openness in fostering relationships with all Government  agencies  and  officials  in  accordance  with  applicable regulations. e.  Not to take any advantage of good relationship with the Government to obtain business opportunities in a way that is not in accordance with applicable regulations. 7. Relation with Shareholders (Investors) The  Company  guarantees  that  the  shareholders  are  entitled  to  equal treatment in accordance with the class and the proportion of the shares held and may perform their rights in accordance with the Company's Articles of Association and the applicable laws and regulations.

19  The Company is committed to continuously striving for the sustainable growth of the Company based on mutually beneficial business standards so as to contribute optimally to Shareholders. In order to maintain good relationship with Shareholders that complies with the  applicable  laws  and  regulations,  the  Company  adopts  the  following policies: a.  The  Company  always  respects  and  ensures  so  that  the  rights  of Shareholders pursuant to Articles of Association and other applicable regulations  can  be  met  in  a  transparent,  fair,  on-time  and  proper manner. b.  The Company always guarantees that material information concerning the Company is always provided in a fair, honest, on time and regular manner to the Shareholders in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. c.  Not to perform any act benefiting individual and others by using the Company’s information that is not for public or that may give rise to a conflict of interest. d.  To be attentive to and respect Shareholder's directions and decisions in accordance with the Articles of Association and applicable laws and regulations. 8.  Relationship with Business Partners The  Company’s  relationship  with  prospective  Business  Partners  is conducted in a professional, equal and mutually beneficial manner by meeting the following principles: a. Choosing a Business Partner by prioritizing the principle of benefit and  providing  the  best  synergy  to  the  Company  and  free  of Corruption, Collusion and Nepotism (KKN). b. Avoiding  cooperation  with  Business  Partners  who  engage  in business practices that are not in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. c. Maintaining  good  relations,  equal,  transparent  and  mutually beneficial.

20  d. Always conducting employment in accordance with ethical values and within the limits of tolerance permitted by law. e. Fulfilling the rights and obligations of each party in accordance with the contract. f.  Ensuring  that  the  Business  Partner  has  complied  with  the Company's  policy  specifically  in  the  relationship  between  the Company and the Business Partner. 9. Relationship with Competitors Pursuant the Law No. 5 Year 1999 on Prohibition of Monopolistic Practices  and  Unfair  Business  Competition,  the  Company  strongly supports  healthy  business  competition  climate  within  the  tin  mining industry. The Company upholds the business ethics in every business activity, by: a. Carrying out business with due regard to the principles of fair and ethical competition in accordance with applicable regulations b. Always respecting each other and maintaining a healthy relationship with Competitors c. Prohibiting commitments/ agreements with competitors to engage in business  activities  that  violate  laws  and  regulations  concerning monopoly and unfair business competition 10. Relationship with Mass Media a. Conveying information about the Company openly and responsibly in order to build a positive corporate image while respecting the journalistic code of ethics b. Providing accurate, relevant, balanced and educative information to the public in understanding the Company's business c. Receiving  and  following  up  on  constructive  criticisms  delivered through the mass media

21  11. Relationship with Subsidiaries a. The  Company continues  to maintain good relationships  with its Subsidiaries in an effort to build synergy and enhance the image of the Company and its business groups b. Relationship with Subsidiaries is performed to build a reasonable and mutually beneficial business relationship F.  STANDARDS OF ETHICHS FOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES The continuity of the Company is mostly determined by the performance and image of the Company. The performance and image of the Company itself are determined by two things: the ability (capability and competence) and behavior  of  each  Personnel  of  the  Company  as  the  wheels  driving  the organization. Therefore, it is very important for the Company to regulate ethical behavior in conducting daily activities in the work place. 1.  Conduct of Superiors towards Subordinates a. Receive  ideas  and  input  from  subordinates  as  decision-making considerations b. Listen to subordinate’s complaints and help with practical solutions c. Be an example of discipline of the Company's working hours d. Transfer of knowledge of the education and training attended e. Always provide motivation and direction in doing the job f. Reprimand  subordinates  who  take  lunch  break  exceeding  the determined time. g. Encourage a culture of compliance with COC and Company’s policies h. Make corrections or reprimands subordinates constructively, fairly and without breaking their work spirit. i.  Respond to any report received on disciplinary violations and follow it up in a fair and transparent manner according to Company’s regulations j.  Not to intimidate or pressure, humiliate, and harass the subordinates

22  2.  Conduct of Subordinates towards Superiors a.  Work honestly and professionally in carrying out duties with full responsibility b.  Be  courteous  towards the  superior  and fellow Personnel  of  the Company. c.  Always strive to improve skills, knowledge and professionalism in performing the task d.  Provide advice and positive feedback to the superior e.  Be courageous and free in expressing opinion in discussing the policies that are inconsistent with of the Company's goals and / or objectives and give suggestions for improvement f.  Not  discuss  negatively  the  policies  of  superiors  with  fellow subordinates  which  potentially  invite  defamation  and  counter productive to the performance of the Company g.  Inform and request permission to the Supervisor if there is any need or interest both for the benefit of the Company and not, which uses working hour. h.  Listen  to  the  feedback  without  prejudice  and  carry  out  the improvement sincerely i.  Carry out routine jobs or tasks of the responsibility without having to "be reminded" or "ordered" by the superiors j.  Comply with the Company’s regulations and inform the management if there are indications of irregularities k.  Comply with and be consequent to the law, policy and Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) that have been set l.  Not perform any act beyond the authorities m.  Comply with and honor the agreement contained in the Collective Labor Agreement (PKB) 3.  Conduct as Coworkers a.  Remind  the  colleagues  to  optimize  the  application  of  IT-based systems within the Company's internal environment b.  Remind each other to complete the job in on time in the sense of not delaying the work even though there is still plenty of time and if

23  there is overtime, remind each other to be accountable for the excess  time  and  arrange  business  trips  in  accordance  with schedule c.  Receive complaints, feedback and suggestions from other work units as inputs for group introspection and for other improvements d.  Transfer of knowledge acquired from training to co-workers e.  Solve problems by focusing on core of the problems and finding solution. f.  Receive co-worker's strengths as the advantage for the group and the Company g.  Straighten out negative or incorrect news about the Company that appears in the conversation outside the Company h.  Always maintain the behavior, be polite and well manner both inside and outside of work i.  Develop skills and competency to work in groups for the progress of the Company j.  Have a high spirit of cooperation and always be ready to help colleagues or any other work units for the good of the Company k.  Respect  others,  not  underestimate  and  not  discriminate  in  the employment relationships l.  Be open for information among colleagues and between work units to support good cooperation and coordination for the progress of the Company but keep the Company's secrets and/or the job’s secrets as best as possible m.  Be open, sympathetic and helpful to others, respect and appreciate others' opinions, and be able to accept disagreements n.  Have  a  healthy  competition  spirit  to  motivate  job  performance optimally o.  Avoid actions and speeches that invite elements of intimidation, harassment, humiliation, mockery, defamation and underestimating, as well as overthrowing the co-workers p.  Work harmoniously based on dedication and mutual trust to achieve common goals

24  4.  Intellectual Property Rights a.  The Company must respect the intellectual property rights of other parties. b.  All Personnel of the Company must actively participate to protect the Company's intellectual property rights. c.  The Company’s Personnel participating/working in the development of a process or product to be used by the Company, or a personnel of the Company possessing the property right to the work result, shall treat information related to such process or product as the belonging to the Company either during the period of employment or after the Personnel no longer works for the Company d.  All Personnel of the Company must inform results of their work in relation to the business or operations of the Company, either during or outside of business hours using/not using facilities and data/ information of the company e.  The Company shall give acknowledgment to results of the work referred to in point (c) and (d).

25  CHAPTER III CODE OF CONDUCT OF THE COMPANY’S PERSONNEL  A.  COMMITMENT OF THE COMPANY’S PERSONNEL In order to realize the Company's commitment to the Stakeholders, all the Company’s Personnel are committed to: 1. Always thinking and behaving in corporate manner by prioritizing the interests of the Company over personal and/or group interests to give the best for the Company. 2. Performing  professional  duties  with  full  responsibility  and  upholding integrity, honesty and spirit of togetherness. 3. Caring and responding to complaints/input and immediately conducting a follow-up. 4. Making work plan properly in accordance with the scope of duties. 5. Understanding  the  work  objectives  along  with  the  measures  of success. 6. Working hard and trying to find the best way to accomplish the duty effectively and efficiently. 7. Having a strong motivation to self-develop and expand knowledge. 8. Complying  with  all  Company’s  regulation  and  corporate  values  to maintain and safeguard the Company's reputation. B. MAINTAINING THE COMPANY’S REPUTATION 1. All Personnel of the Company are required to always maintain polite and courteous behavior both inside and outside the work. 2. Always strive to improve self-competence along with the  development occurring. 3. Respect others, not to underestimate and discriminate  against  each other. 4. Always care and maintain the Company’s good image and reputation.

26  C.  MAINTAINING  GOOD  RELATIONSHIP  AMONGST  THE  COMPANY’S PERSONNEL 1. All Personnel of the Company are required to always maintain polite and courteous behavior among Company Personnel. 2. All  Personnel  of  the  Company  should  respect  each  other  and  not underestimate and discriminate each other. 3. Try  to  understand  and  recognize  the  needs  of  the  Company’s Personnel. 4. Willing to share knowledge and skills  and help other  co-workers without fear of being rivaled. 5. Always be honest and think positive among Personnel of the Company. D.  MAINTAINING THE COMPANY’S CONFIDENTIALITY One of the Company's most important responsibilities is to maintain the trust  of  Stakeholders  (Business  Partners,  Customers  and  Suppliers)  and ensure  that  information  related  to  Stakeholder  business  issues  is  kept confidential at  all times. The Company has an obligation to maintain the confidentiality of information gained in any business activities. Respect to Stakeholders’ privacy is as important as the protection of Company’s assets. Personnel of the Company are required to treat Company’s confidential information in their possession during performing their duties with due regard to the following provisions: 1. Protect  confidential  information,  not  only  applied  to  the  Company’s Personnel who are still actively working but also to Company Personnel working temporarily for a certain period of time in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 2. Access to information, arrangement of authority and scope of duties of the Company’s Personnel with access to the Company’s information required both in general or special nature.

27  3. Dissemination of information, explanations of disclosure or use of the Company’s confidential information in the form of speech or writing to or by any party, whether individual, company, association or  other  legal entities  may  only be performed by an officer  appointed  by  the Company. Obligation to keep the confidentiality is exempted for: 1. Taxation purpose. 2. Billing of the Company's receivable accounts delegated to the State Agency of Accounts Receivable and State Auction/State Receivables Committee. 3. Legal purpose of a criminal case trial. 4. Court purpose in the case between the Company and its business partners. 5. Information exchange between companies. 6. Upon written request, approval given by Stakeholders to the Company. E.  MAINTAINING AND USING THE COMPANY’S ASSETS Assets are resources owned by the Company to be used in an effort to achieve the Company's objectives. Maintenance  and  use  of  assets  are  part  of  the  efforts  to  maintain  the Company's business continuity. With respect to Company assets, each Personnel of the Company  Personnel is required to: 1. Maintain the use of Company assets for the purpose of value creation for the Company in accordance with social, economic and financial principles that can be accounted for by taking into account of related business risks. 2. It  is  prohibited  to  keep  Company  assets  outside  the  Company's designated premises.

28  3. Keep, maintain, secure and save the Company assets in accordance with applicable regulations. 4. Use the Company’s  assets according to the position, authority and scope of work carried out. 5. Use the Company’s assets in accordance with their designation. 6. Any  recording  and  reporting  of  the  Company’s  assets  shall  be  in conformity with generally accepted accounting standards. F.  MAINTAINING  OCCUPATIONAL  SAFETY  AND  HEALTH  AND ENVIRONMENT The  Management  of  occupational  safety  and  health  and  environment  is essential to the success of the Company's business activities.  Applying and maintaining behaviors that help to achieve occupational safety and health and environment should be a must. Therefore, the Company’s Personnel must work by: 1. adhering to laws and/or standards of occupational safety and health and environmental management. 2. mastering  and  understanding  working  environment  situation  and condition by complying with the  provisions  of  laws  and  regulations on occupational safety, health and environment. 3. prioritizing  preventive  measures  which  are  avoidance  of  pollution, occupational accidents and occupational diseases. 4. avoiding any action that is self-destruction or detrimental to other people and not good for health, such as intoxicating drinks, taking  drugs,  etc., in accordance with the Company's provisions. 5. improving employees’ skills in the maintenance of Safety and Health and control of environmental impacts. 6. increasing  awareness  of  Occupational  Safety  and  Health  and Environment issues. 7. performing continuous improvement in Occupational Safety and Health as well as Environment including but not limited to regular evaluation or checking of equipment, monitoring of the environment.

29  G.  IMMORAL  BEHAVIORS,  NARCOTICS,  ILLICIT  DRUGS,  GAMBLING, SMOKING, AND OTHER ACTIONS DISRUPTING WORK ENVIRONMENT A healthy behavior characterized by moral values and decency of every Personnel of the Company is believed to affect the performance contributed to the Company and affect the establishment of corporate image. Therefore, every Personnel of the Company shall be: 1. Prohibited from engaging in any act violating the moral values, such as harassment, humiliation, slander and behaviors that lead to disruptive sexuality. 2. Prohibited  from using, distribute  and sell  things  related  to narcotics and other illicit drugs and liquor. 3. Prohibited from downloading, opening, storing and circulating matters related to pornography in any form of electronic media. 4. Prohibited from gambling in any form whatsoever. 5.  Comply with the prohibition of smoking in public  places  and within the Company. 6. Prohibited from carrying sharp weapons and firearms or other weapons within the Company, except those related to the place and duty/work. Prohibited from bring animals/pets that interfere with the work environment and may cause health effects for other colleagues. H. COMPANY DATA RECORDING AND PREPARING REPORTS Each Personnel of the Company shall support the implementation of data management in a neat, orderly, thorough, accurate and timely manner: 1. Only provide data that can be accounted for. 2. Record data and prepare reports based on sources that are correct with verified accuracy and accountability. 3. Deliver reports correctly, completely, concisely, clearly, accurately and timely, and relevant to the decision-making process. 4. Do not hide data and documents of the Company, either in office or after completion of term/position.

30  5. Do not allow incorrect records or unlawful transactions. 6. Keep all Company’s documents, reports and files in an orderly manner that is always easy to find and use at any time by all interested parties. 7. Each Personnel of the Company shall be prohibited from falsifying the Company's records, documents, and information. 8. The  use/dissemination  and  destruction  of  the  Company’s  records, documents, and information must be approved by an authorized official. 9. The Company does not justify the existence of any person due to his/her position or profession or business relationship with the Company to use the Company’s records, documents and information for personal benefit that is potentially harmful to the Company and other Stakeholders. I. INSIDER TRADING The Company’s  Personnel  who have access  to material  information must  not  abuse  their  position  and  occupation  in  disclosing  material information that may affect investors' decisions. Material  information  is  information  which  has  not  been widely published  that  may  encourage  a person to buy,  sell or hold  shares  of  the Company. J.  GIVING AND  RECEIVING  GIFTS,  GRATIFICATION,  BRIBERY  AND OTHERS The Company’s Personnel’s behaviors regarding giving and/or receiving gifts are as follows: 1. Not allowed to receive and/or give Gifts, Souvenirs, Business Dinner, or other facilities that may affect decision making in contrary to prevailing legislation.

31  2. Only hold and accept Business Dinner with Business Partners and/or other stakeholders as long as it is for the interest of the Company, at the expense of  the Company at  reasonable costs and executed  within reasonable limits in a respectable place that does not pose a negative image to the Company. Business Dinner that can be accepted/granted by the Company’s Personnel in the course of business activities (and become  the  expense  of  the  Company)  is  a  dinner  to  establish cooperation with Business Partners. 3. Surrender Gifts and/or Souvenirs obtained from Business Partners such as placards, trophies, etc. to be kept in the Company. 4. Only carry out all expenses related to the giving of Gifts, Souvenirs and Business  Dinners  that  have  been  authorized  by  the  Company’s authorized officers. Gifts  and  Souvenirs  can  be  accepted  in  accordance  with  the  applicable legislation for the following occasion: a.  Marriage; b.  Circumcision; c.  Disaster; d. Award of the Company on the personnel’s achievement; e. Souvenir from other companies in the form of, among others, pens, agenda, calendar, and others alike. The  Company’s  personnel  is  prohibited  from  receiving/giving  bribes  or promises to give/receive bribes, and directing others to commit bribery to Company’s personnel in all its forms, both in conducting business activities within the Company and outside the Company, will not give/offer directly or indirectly any gift or other improper payments to others outside the Company to gain  advantage  or  preferential  treatment  in  business  transactions  of  the Company.

32  K.  CONFLICT OF INTEREST All Personnel of the Company must avoid conflicts of interest by: 1. Performing duties and obligations by giving priority to the Company’s economic interests over personal economic interests or the economic interests of family or other parties; 2. Not abusing the current position for personal interest or benefit, family and other parties; 3. In  terms  of  discussion  and  decision-making  containing  elements  of conflict of interest, the parties concerned are not allowed to participate; 4. Making a statement of not having conflict of interest on each decision made and of having obeyed all the Company’s Code of Conduct each year, every year for the Company’s personnel with decision-making authority; 5. Not having a business that is directly related to the Company’s activities. 6. Not taking advantage of confidential information and business data of the Company for interests outside the Company; 7. Not holding any position in companies/other institutions that are about to do and/or currently doing business with and are about to compete and/or currently competing with the Company; 8. Not holding a job or profession outside the Company during working hours and always disclosing and reporting all interests and/or activities outside of the Company during normal business hours to superiors in stages to obtain a permit.

33  L.  POLITICAL ACTIVITIES The Company guarantees that all personnel of the Company are able to perform their right to channel political aspirations. The Company provides no political contribution and is not affiliated with any political party. With regard to their political activities, all Personnel of  the Company are obliged: 1. Not to take advantage of the Company’s name, assets, and potential for a specific political purpose; 2. Not to make use of the Company’s name for or give contribution on behalf of the Company to any political party; 3. Not to make any agreement, engagement, and statement, either directly or indirectly, that may indicate that the Company has an attachment to any political party; 4. Each  activity  to  channel  political  aspirations  should  be  conducted beyond work hours and without using the Company’s attributes; 5. If anyone holds a position in a political party or political activity that disrupts his duty implementation in the Company, he must resign from the Company. 6. Do not conduct political activities either directly or indirectly within the Company’s work environment. 7. Not allowed to use attributes of any political party or social community organization within the Company’s work environment.  CHAPTER IV ENFORCEMENT AND REPORTING  A. COMMITMENT TO CODE OF CONDUCT  1. All  Personnel of the Company are  required  to  sign  the Integrity Pact which is the commitment of the Company’s Personnel to implement COC that is updated every year. 2. The  Board  of  Directors  is  responsible  for  the  implementation  of the Integrity Pact of all Personnel of the Company.

34  3. Each Personnel of  Company  receives  a  copy of  the Integrity Pact and  signs  the  form  of  the  Integrity Pact  that he/she has  received, understood and agreed to comply with the COC which is documented by Director of Business Development. 4. The COC must be disseminated to and understood by all Personnel of the Company. 5.  All Heads of Work Units must be responsible and become an example for their subordinates for the application of COC.

35  DISSEMINATION AND INTERNALIZATION In order to enforce this COC, all Heads of Work Units within the Company are responsible for ensuring that the COC has been socialized. The objectives of the dissemination are as follows: 1. Realizing awareness of all Employees to implement the COC. 2. Improving all employees knowledge and insight on the importance of COC for the continuity of the Company's business. 3. Giving awareness to Employees that the COC is an integral part of business practice and performance appraisal of all Employees of the Company. C. VIOLATION A breach/violation of COC is an undisciplined act and will be handled by Director of Business Development. Every Personnel of the Company having knowledge of the occurrence of a COC violation shall report to his/her Direct Supervisor and Director of Business Development is responsible for: 1. Monitoring compliance with the Code of Conduct. 2. Recording all types of alleged violations. 3. Processing violations occurring. 4. Reporting violations to the Board of Directors Each Personnel of the Company reporting Code of Conduct violation should not have a worry, as based on the report, further investigation will be conducted confidentially. Breach/Violation of COC will be subject to sanction or punishment in accordance with the Company's prevailing rules and regulations.

36  D. VIOLATION REPORTING MECHANISM 1. COC implementation is a commitment and responsibility of all Personnel of the Company. In  the event  of  any  violation  or  deviation,  the Company’s Personnel shall report such violation through: a.  Direct Supervisor. b.  Director of Business Development c.  Complaint Box/Whistleblowing System, email, telephone  or  other media determined by the Company. 2. Disclosure  must  be  conducted in a  good faith  and  not  a  personal complaint or based on bad intention/slander. 3. All  the Company’s  Personnel  and  external  parties (Customers, Business  Partners and Communities)  may report  violation of  COC and  the  Company  is  required  to  follow  up  the  reporting  that  is potentially detrimental to the Company and may damage the Company's image, which is caused by, among others deviations, manipulations and so on. 4. The  Informant  shall  include  his/her  identity  clearly  on  the  report, accompanied with relevant supporting evidence. Recipient of the report shall keep confidential the informant’s identity. 5. The  Company  shall  follow  up  any  report  received  pursuant  to applicable procedures and mechanisms. 6. The Company  will  also  provide  legal  protection  in  accordance  with applicable laws and regulations.

37  E. SANCTIONS FOR VIOLATIONS 1. Each Personnel of the Company proven to violate COC is subject to a sanction in accordance with applicable laws and regulations. 2. Sanction for Employee who commits violation is decided by the Direct Supervisor or Board of Directors in accordance with the level of violation after receiving a report for violation committed by the said Employee. 3. The Board of Directors gives directives on correction actions, disciplinary sanctions and/or other actions and prevention that must be implemented by the Direct Supervisor in each workplace. 4. Sanction for the Board of Directors committing violation shall be decided by the Board of Commissioners. 5. Sanction for the Board of Commissioners committing violation shall be decided by the Shareholder. 6. If the parties committing violation are Business Partners or other Stakeholders, they will be subject to the provisions stipulated in the contract. If the violation is related to a criminal act, it can be forwarded to the law enforcement agency. F.  REWARD  FOR  COMPLIANCE  WITH  CODE  OF  CONDUCT All  Personnel of the Company complying  with  the  COC  will  get a reward in accordance  with  the  Company’s  policy.  The  aim  is  to  motivate  every Personnel of the Company to behave in accordance with the Company’s COC.

38  ATTACHMENT SHEET I INTEGRITY PACT OF GOOD CORPORATE GOVERNANCE IMPLEMENTATION OF PT TIMAH (PERSERO) Tbk In order to enforce Good Corporate Governance in PT Timah (Persero) Tbk, we the Board of Commissioners/Directors (*) hereby represent that: 1. We will perform our duties and obligations in a clean and professional manner in accordance with the principles of Good Corporate Governance in the sense that we will deploy all the best skills and resources to deliver the best results for the Company. 2. We never and will never make decisions and/or give orders aiming at making use of the Company either directly or indirectly for the benefit of our personal, family and/or certain group interests. 3. We do not have other positions in other Business Entities that may cause direct or indirect conflict of interest to the Company. 4. We have a commitment to implementing whistleblowing system and instructing all Employees to report any violation immediately through the media provided by the Company. 5. We instruct all Employees within PT Timah (Persero) Tbk to implement the Integrity Pact consistently and responsibly. 6. We invite businessmen directly or indirectly related to PT Timah (Persero) Tbk to also implement the Integrity Pact. 7. We have read, understood, and agreed to implement Code of Corporate Governance, Whistleblowing System Policy and Code of Conduct appropriately for the achievement of Good Corporate Governance. 8. Violation of this Integrity Pact will bring consequences in accordance with prevailing laws and regulations. Jakarta, BOARD OF COMMISSIONERS/BOARD OF DIRECTORS PT Timah (Persero) Tbk President Commissioner/President Director (*) Members of the Board of Commissioners/Directors (*)  Members of the Board of Commissioners/Directors (*)

39  ATTACHMENT SHEET II  INTEGRITY PACT OF GOOD CORPORATE GOVERNANCE IMPLEMENTATION OF PT TIMAH (PERSERO) Tbk In order to enforce Good Corporate Governance in PT Timah (Persero) Tbk, I hereby represent that: 1. I will perform my duties and obligations in a clean, transparent and professional manner in accordance with the principles of Good Corporate Governance in the sense that I will deploy all the best skills and resources to deliver the best results for the Company. 2. I never and will never give recommendation, make decisions and/or give orders that will use the Company either directly or indirectly, to benefit my personal, family and/or certain group interests. 3. I will instruct all Employees within the work environment who are my responsibility to implement the Integrity Pact consistently and responsibly. 4. I have read, understood, and agreed to implement Code of Corporate Governance, Whistleblowing System Policy and Code of Conduct appropriately for the achievement of Good Corporate Governance. 5. Violation of this Integrity Pact will bring consequences in accordance with prevailing laws and regulations. Jakarta, Acknowledged by (*)  Statement made by Name Position Information (*) 1. For Head of Work Unit, the acknowledging party is President Director. 2. For Head of Work Unit, the acknowledging parties are the Director in charge of the Work Unit and the person making statement. 3. For the level under Head of Work Unit, the acknowledging parties are the Head of Work Unit and the person making statement.

40  Appendix Sheet III: INTEGRITY PACT OF GOOD CORPORATE GOVERNANCE IMPLEMENTATION OF PT TIMAH (PERSERO) Tbk I hereby represent that I will apply and implement the principles of Good Corporate Governance consistently in performing my duties as Employee at PT Timah (Persero) Tbk. I also represent that I am in compliance with the Company’s Code of Conduct and will not use the Company, directly or indirectly, for my personal benefit and the benefit of my family and/or certain group’s interests. I have read, understood and agreed to implement Code of Corporate Governance, Whistleblowing System Policy and Code of Conduct appropriately for the achievement of Good Corporate Governance. I am willing to accept sanctions in accordance with the terms and regulations of PT Timah (Persero) Tbk, if I do not comply with the Integrity Pact. This statement is made truthfully and to be used accordingly. Jakarta, Acknowledged by (*) Statement made by Name Position


</Mining_Indonesia_TIMAH_2021.pdf>