This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Pharma_China_Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical_2023.pdf>

Code of Ethics and Business Conduct  Chapter I General Provisions  Article 1: The Code is established to enhance the management and  ethical conduct of Shanghai  Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.  (hereinafter referred to as the "Company"), maintain the order and  compliance in Fosun Pharma's operating activities, and increase  employees' awareness of national laws, regulations, and company  policies in accordanc e with the Company's actual status.  Article 2: Employees' work ethics are basic requirements for the  integrity of the Company. It is critical for the Company to enhance  employees' ethical conduct in order to ensure the Company's  sustained, stable, and heal thy development.  Article 3: Employees of the Company are required to maintain law -  abiding work conduct and honesty in work ethics; they shall be  committed to the maintenance of the Company's legal rights and  healthy development.  Article 4: To enhance emplo yees' work ethics, the Company shall take  punitive and preventive measures, with an emphasis on prevention, to  strengthen education, solidify the system, improve supervision, and  clearly impose reward and punishment.  Chapter II Code of Conduct  Articl e 5: All employees shall abide by the laws and they shall not  encroach and damage the interest of the Company. The following  conducts are prohibited:  (1) Embezzlement, theft, fraud, misappropriation of corporate  property or establishment and use of hidden  reserves by means of  positions;  (2) Violation of regulations in using or making use of business  entertainment expenses and administrative expenses for personal use;  (3) Abuse of power or neglect of duty that damage company interest or  image etc.  Article 6:  All employees shall carry out work based on the principle  of good faith and may not use their powers for monetary gains. The  following conducts are prohibited:

(1) Providing counterparties with properties or financial interests  in operating activities for  the purpose of obtaining unlawful  interests;  (2) Requesting or illegally accepting others' properties or financial  interest by means of position or violating national laws or company  regulations in accepting various kickbacks and facilitation fees;  (3) Re questing or illegally accepting properties or financial  interest provided by suppliers, contractors, or other related third  parties in production, business, and management activities such as  manufacturing, procurement, sales, and infrastructure; violation  of  regulations by accepting invitations to meals or high - end  entertainment activities from customers, bidders, suppliers, or  contractors that may affect the integrity of the duties.  Article 7: All employees shall carry out their duties faithfully and  may n ot conduct any business activities that may conflict with the  Company's interest without prior written approval. The following  conducts are prohibited:  (1) Conducting business activities that damage the Company's interest  or investing in enterprises (non -  listed companies) or accepting dry  shares of the inenterprises conducting the same business as the  Company or related businesses;  (2) Obtaining interests for close relatives or specific related  parties and damaging the Company's interest by making use of t heir  powers;  (3) Conducting personal businesses during office hours or making use  of the Company's facilities, equipment, or other assets in personal  businesses; Use of company resources such as business channels,  business information, trade secret, and in tellectual property rights  obtained through the exercise of duties to conduct personal profit -  seeking activities.  Article 8: All employees shall be honest and faithful. The following  conducts are prohibited:  (1) Deliberately providing false or fabricated p ersonal information  that leads to severe consequences;  (2) Violating the Company's confidential regulations and information  security management protocols, obtaining trade secrets illegally or  leaking trade secrets and causing material damage or impact on t he  Company's interest;  (3) Other actions that affect the integrity of duties or severely  violate the principle of good faith and work ethics.  Chapter III Implementation and Supervision

Article 9: All employees shall sign the Work Ethics Letter of  Com mitment (please refer to attachment).  Article 10: The persons in charge of various departments of the  Company shall be responsible for implementing the Code and shall  include the implementation status in the annual debrief.  Article 11: The Company's Anti - C orruption Supervision Department is  responsible for accepting complaints and reports, investigation, and  supervision of the implementation of work ethics management  regulations in collaboration with the Audit Department and Human  Resources Department. The  Company's Human Resources Department shall  file a processing opinion based on results of investigations or  inspections in accordance with related regulations and procedures. It  shall also be responsible for implementing the processing opinions  after receiv ing approval from the President of the Company.  Chapter IV Reward and Punishment  Article 12: The work ethics of the Company's employees shall be  critical to the review and approval of promotions, and serve as a  mandatory basis for hiring and dismissa l. Employees who have made  outstanding contributions in their work ethics may be given  corresponding rewards, honors, and promotions.  Article 13: Punitive measures for violations of the Company's work  ethics management regulations include criticism, warni ng, recovery of  funds, economic compensation, deduction of bonuses, demotion,  dismissal, administrative sanctions, and termination of labor  contracts. If the violator is suspected to breach the criminal law,,  he shall be transferred to the judicial organs.  Article 14: Employees who disagree with the disposition or punishment  may appeal to the Company's Human Resources Department for review,  who shall organize a reconsideration in accordance with related  regulations and procedures. The execution of the origi nal decision  shall not be suspended during review period.  Chapter V Supplementary Provisions

Article 15: The Company's subsidiary companies shall comply with the  Code or follow instructions contained herein.  Article 16: The Code shall be interpreted by the Company's Human  Resources Department and Anti -  Corruption Supervision Department.  Article 1 7: The Code shall be effective from the date of its approval  in a meeting presided by the President of the Company. The "Fosun  Pharmaceutical Group Employee Code of Ethics and Business Conduct"  published on December 11, 2012 shall be abolished at the same  time.  Article 18: Attachment: "Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co.,  Ltd. Employee Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Letter of  Commitment" Complaint service channel:  Anti - Corruption Supervision Department of the Company  Complaint service telephone n umber: (86) 021 - 33987226  Complaint service email: lianzhengdc@fosunpharma.com  Contact address: Anti - Corruption Supervision Department of the  Company, Building A, No. 1289 Yishan  Road, Xuhui District, Shanghai  Postal Code: 200233  Annex  Shanghai Fosun Ph armaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd.  Employee Work Ethics Letter of Commitment  I hereby declare that I have thoroughly studied the "Shanghai Fosun  Pharmaceutical (Group) Co., Ltd. Employee Code of Ethics and Business  Conduct" and I have learned and understoo d the content of the Code,  the regulations that ought to be followed and the corresponding  responsibilities. I shall consciously abide by the law and faithfully  maintain the interest of Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical (Group) Co.,  Ltd. I shall conduct busine ss in an ethical manner, remain faithful  to my duties, and I shall not take advantage of my position and  conveniences at work to obtain unlawful interests or damage the  interest of the Company.  I hereby solemnly committed to being supervised by the Company  and  employees and I shall not carry out the following conducts:  (1) Embezzlement, theft, fraud, misappropriation of corporate

property or establishment and use of hidden reserves by means of  positions;  (2) Violation of regulations in using or making use o f business  entertainment expenses and administrative expenses for personal use;  (3) Abuse of power or neglect of duty that damage company interest or  image etc.  (4) Providing counterparties with properties or financial interest in  operating activities for  the purpose of obtaining unlawful interests.  (5) Requesting or illegally accepting others' properties or financial  interest by means of positions or violate national laws or company  regulations in accepting various kickbacks and facilitation fees;  (6) Requ esting or illegally accepting properties or financial  interest provided by suppliers, contractors, or other related third  parties in production, business, and management activities such as  manufacturing, procurement, sales, and infrastructure; violation of  regulations by accepting invitations to meals or high - consumption  entertainment activities from customers, bidders, suppliers, or  contractors that may affect the integrity of the duties.  (7) Conducting business activities that damage the Company's interes t  or investing in enterprises (non - listed companies) or accepting dry  shares of enterprises conducting the same business as the Company or  related businesses;  (8) Obtaining interests for close relatives or specific related  parties and damaging the Company' s interest by making use of their  powers;  (9) Conducting personal businesses during office hours or making use  of the Company's facilities, equipment, or other assets in personal  businesses; Use of company resources such as business channels,  business info rmation, trade secrets, and intellectual property rights  obtained through the exercise of duties to conduct personal profit -  seeking activities.  (10) Deliberately providing false or fabricated personal information  that leads to severe consequences;  (11) Vio lating the Company's confidential regulations and information  security management protocols, obtaining trade secrets illegally or  leaking trade secrets and causing material damage or impact on the  Company's interest;  (12) Other actions that affect the int egrity of duties or severely  violate the principle of good faith and work ethics.  Acceptor signature: _____________  Date: ___________


</Pharma_China_Shanghai Fosun Pharmaceutical_2023.pdf>