This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Pharma_Korea_Samsung Epis Holdings_2025.pdf>

Samsung  Epis  Holdings  Co.,  Ltd.  Code  of  Conduct  2025.11  Samsung  Epis  Holdings  Co.,  Ltd.

Table  of  Contents  Ⅰ. Introduction to Samsung Epis Holdings  ................................ ................................ ..........  1  Ⅱ. Our Ethical Business Principles  ................................ ................................ .....................  2  1.  Compliance  with  Laws  and  Ethical  Standards  ................................ .........................  2  2.  Maintenance  of  a  Transparent  Organizational  Culture  ................................ .............  3  3. Respect of Customers, Shareholders, and Employees  ................................ ..............  5  4. Care for the Environment, Health and Safety ................................ ...........................  5  5.  Social  Responsibility  as  Corporate  Citizens  ................................ .............................  6  Ⅲ. Compliance Guidelines and Reporting Violations  ................................ ........................  8

S amsung Epis Holdings Co., Ltd .  Samsung Epis Holdings  Co., Ltd. Code of Conduct  (2025)  1  Ⅰ .  Introduction to Samsung Epis Holdings  Samsung Epis Holdings  Co., Ltd.  (hereinafter referred to as “we” or “our” or “company”),  was  established to  proactively respond to the evolving global bio - industry landscape and to enable  swift  and  specialized  management  that  reflects  the  unique  characteri stics  of  the  biopharmaceutical  business .  As  a  holding  company,  we  pursue  sustainable  growth  by  establishing tailored strategies for each subsidiary and building a framework for global  collaboration.  We will prepare for the future grounded in ethics and res ponsibility.  In achieving  our promise, we will embrace our Core Values and Business Principles.  Our Core Values —  People, Excellence, Change, Integrity, and Co - prosperity — define our corporate culture, and  our Business Principles, set out below, outline the expectations we have of  ourselves and set  the standard for everything we do.  [ Business Principles]  1.  Compliance  with  laws  and  ethical  standards  2.  Maintenance  of  a  transparent  organizational  culture  3.  Respect  of  customers,  shareholders  and  employees  4.  Care  for  the  environment,  health  and  safety  5.  Social  responsibility  as  corporate  citizens  This Code of Conduct sets out the manner by which we, as a company and as individual officers  and employees, endeavour to conduct our business and must be strictly followed by all officers  and employees affiliated with Samsung  E pis  Holdings . The company an d its officers and  employees share the responsibility of making the right decision when faced with difficult  choices. The Code of Conduct will be used by our officers and employees as a tool to remind  ourselves of our commitment to Samsung  E pis  Holdings ’  C ore Value and  Business Principles  and will help us navigate through difficult choices by setting out how each one of us must act  to build and maintain our reputation. We are committed to solidifying Samsung  E pis  Holdings ’  presence, not only as a global lea der in the biopharmaceutical industry, but also as a company  that stands firmly on its foundation of virtue.

S amsung Epis Holdings Co., Ltd .  Samsung Epis Holdings  Co., Ltd. Code of Conduct  (2025)  2  Ⅱ .  Our Eth ical Business Principles  1.  Compliance  with  Laws  and  Ethical  Standards  1 - 1.  Compliance with Laws and Regulations  In the biopharmaceutical industry, there are potential risk factors associated with laws and  regulations that we must comply with in conducting our business activities. As a company with  global operations, we will comply with all applicable laws and regula tions including, but not  limited to, those relating to the research, development, manufacturing, marketing, promotion,  and distribution of Samsung  Epis Holdings  and its subsidiaries ’ products in all of the countries  where we conduct business activities (he reinafter be collectively referred to as the “Applicable  Laws and Regulations”).  When national standards conflict with international standards, we will  follow  the  stricter  and  more rigorous  standards.  In addition, we will adopt and follow industry  Codes of  Practice applicable to our business. No violations of Applicable Laws and Regulations  will be tolerated. Always remember that violation of Applicable Laws and Regulations can  subject the company and also individual officers and employees to civil and/or c riminal  penalties.  1 - 2 .  Protection of Personal Data  During our day - to - day business activities, there will be circumstances where we come across  personal data (data that can identify, or be used to identify a natural person). We will protect  the personal da ta of our clinical trial participants, consumers, healthcare professionals, business  partners, officers, employees and other individuals with whom we interact with great rigor and  care. We will ensure that we collect personal data only where we have a legi timate business  reason for doing so and only upon notice (or consent where required by Applicable Laws and  Regulations). The personal data collected will only be used for the purposes disclosed to the  data subject and in accordance with Applicable Laws and  Regulations. We will ensure to take  appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect such personal data against  accidental loss, alteration, destruction, or unauthorized disclosure or access. Where there is a  legitimate business need to transf er data internationally, such transfer will only occur after we  have made sure that appropriate safeguards are in place as required by local laws.  1 - 3 .  Information Protection and Data Security  We must take care to protect the intellectual property of the company such as patents,  trademarks, trade secrets, and copyrights and to refrain from making unauthorized disclosures  relating to company confidential information. Although intellectual propert y is not tangible, it  is of an intrinsic value to the company. Loss of intellectual property caused by unauthorized  disclosures of company confidential information will result in immeasurable loss for the  company. Unauthorized disclosures of company confid ential information may not only lead to  loss  of  intellectual  property,  but  may  also  cause  extreme  damage  to  the  company’s

S amsung Epis Holdings Co., Ltd .  Samsung Epis Holdings  Co., Ltd. Code of Conduct  (2025)  3  competitiveness. We will fully comply with the established security procedures in order to  ensure that we do not jeopardize the intell ectual property rights and competitiveness of the  company.  1 - 4 .  Document Management  We will maintain, approve, archive, and manage documents of all types, both paper and  electronic, in accordance with our document retention and document management procedu res  in order to protect our intellectual property and to comply with Applicable Laws and  Regulations. Any documents that must be retained in accordance with any legal or contractual  obligations will be clearly labelled and maintained securely to ensure tha t such documents are  properly maintained during their retention period.  2.  Maintenance  of  a  Transparent  Organizational  Culture  2 - 1.  Accounting and Books  All financial transactions must be authorized by the company and properly recorded. We are  subject to  applicable domestic and international securities laws, regulations and industry  accounting standards. These laws, regulations and industry accounting standards require the  company to record, maintain, and disclose accurate and complete information regardi ng its  business. Pursuant to such requirements, we will keep full, balanced, accurate, timely,  comprehensible, and truthful financial records. Where required, we will file public disclosures  based on such information as required by Applicable Laws and Regu lations, and industry  accounting standards.  Inaccurate, incomplete, or untimely recording or reporting of such  records will not be tolerated as it can severely damage the company and may result in legal  liability.  2 - 2.  Insider Trading  We are  prohibited from trading, using or disclosing to others non - public information that a  reasonable investor would consider material in making investment choices, about the company  (or about other companies), that they have gathered during the course of perfor ming the  company’s business activities. Insider trading disrupts the natural working order of the market  and is an activity which is prohibited by law.  2 - 3.  Anti - Bribery and Anti - Corruption  We will not, directly, or indirectly, offer or give any benefits,  including, but not limited to,  money, gifts, or hospitality  to public officials, third party service providers or their employees,  customer or any other organization (or their family members or friends), with the intent to  influence business decisions.

S amsung Epis Holdings Co., Ltd .  Samsung Epis Holdings  Co., Ltd. Code of Conduct  (2025)  4  An ti - bribery and anti - corruption laws prohibit giving anything of value directly or indirectly  to public officials or other applicable third parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining  business. We  will  comply  with  all  relevant  anti - bribery  and  anti - co rruption  laws  and  regulations, including, without limitation, the Korean Improper Solicitation and Graft Act, the  US Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the UK Bribery Act, in our dealings with public officials  and other applicable third parties.  2 - 4.  Anti - Kickbacks and Transparency Reporting  Providing benefits to healthcare professionals, healthcare organizations, or other related  organizations is, in principle, prohibited unless permitted under specific exceptions allowed by  Applicable Laws and Regulations . Accordingly, we must comply with all applicable domestic  and international anti - rebate laws and industry Codes of Practice, and extra care must be taken  by officers and employees when interacting with these parties. To ensure transparent disclosure  of an y transfer of values (ToV) provided to healthcare professionals or other relevant decision  makers required, we must also comply with all relevant laws and regulations, including,  without limitation, domestic Pharmaceutical Affairs Act and regulations, the  US Sunshine Act.  2 - 5.  Receiving Benefits  We (or our family members or friends) may not directly or indirectly, solicit or accept from  anyone benefits, including but not limited to money, gifts or hospitality that could influence or  give appearance of infl uencing company’s business relationship with that party. If you receive  a benefit from someone in the course of carrying out the company’s business, even if the gift  was unsolicited, you must notify your supervisor and the Compliance  Department  and take  ap propriate measures, which may include returning or disposing of what you received.  2 - 6 .  Fair Competition  We believe that fair competition is crucial to the advancement of the  bio pharmaceutical  industry and the improvement of the care received by  patients. As such, we will comply with  all applicable domestic and international laws and regulations designed to promote fair  competition. We will not engage in any anti - competitive conduct, including but not limited to,  conduct that can be seen as abusin g market  dominance, price - fixing, or mislabel l ing.  Furthermore, we will not obtain confidential business information of our competitors through  improper or unlawful means. We will gather information used for competition that is either  freely  available in  t he public domain, or through legitimate sources that gather such  information legally and ethically.  2 - 7.  Company Assets  We will maintain and use corporate assets in an economical and efficient manner at all times.  As a general rule, company assets or resources will not be used for personal purposes.  Appropriate care will be taken of all company assets entrusted to officers  and employees as

S amsung Epis Holdings Co., Ltd .  Samsung Epis Holdings  Co., Ltd. Code of Conduct  (2025)  5  though they are one’s own property. Company assets will only be used for legitimate business  purposes.  2 - 8 .  Conflict of Interest  A conflict of interest may arise where we (or our family members or friends)  become  involved  in activities or  relationships that could influence or appear to influence their judgement while  performing company’s business activities.  We have an obligation to the company to act in its  best interests at all times. As a conflict of interest situation may prevent (or ap pear to prevent)  us from putting the company’s interests first, we will use our best endeavors not to create these  situations. If a potential conflict of interest situation arises unavoidably, we must promptly  come forward and disclose these details to our  supervisors and the  Compliance Department .  The  C ompany will evaluate the situation and make efforts to identify and assess any conflict  of interest.  3.  Respect of Customers, Shareholders, and Employees  3 - 1.  Management Focused on Shareholder Value  The  Company will actively pursue increases in investment return for shareholders  and will  accept and sincerely consider legitimate petitions from external shareholders in accordance  with applicable law. We will honor its responsibility to shareholders and inte rested parties by  announcing major financial and corporate information in good faith and in a timely fashion.  3 - 2 .  Employee Treatment  We strive for a positive and harassment - free work environment. We will treat each other with  dignity and respect, and each  are expected to display high standards of personal and  professional conduct. There will be no discrimination against individuals based on their race,  nationality, color, ethnic origin, age, disability, gender, sexual orientation, or religious or other  bel iefs. We will not tolerate harassment or discrimination in any shape or form.  4.  Care for the Environment, Health and Safety  4 - 1.  Environmentally Friendly Management  We will comply with all Applicable Laws and Regulations to protect the environment in  per forming our business activities. We will minimize risk of environmental hazards and any  associated impact thereof by putting in place appropriate measures and procedures.  4 - 2.  Employee Health and Safety

S amsung Epis Holdings Co., Ltd .  Samsung Epis Holdings  Co., Ltd. Code of Conduct  (2025)  6  We are committed to creating a healthy and safe worki ng environment for our officers and  employees. We will strive to minimize potential hazards in our working environments and raise  awareness of safety standards and practices applicable to our officers and employees. When  we carry out the company’s business  activities, we will always make sure that they fully comply  with all applicable health and safety laws and regulations in order to protect and ensure their  personal well - being.  The Company will ensure that working hours of personnel will be in  accordance  with the specific nature of their duties and comply with national, state and local  laws.  In order to ensure the health and safety of our officers and employees, the  C ompany  imposes a zero tolerance policy on alcohol and substance abuse. Any use of, or  working under  the influence of, alcohol or other substances is strictly prohibited.  5.  Social  Responsibility  as  Corporate  Citizens  5 - 1.  Fair Dealing with Suppliers and Service Providers  We believe that developing mutually beneficial relationships with our  suppliers and service  providers is essential to our business activities. When engaging in business activities with our  suppliers and service providers, we will always treat them fairly and with respect. Where we  are in a contractual relationship with the  suppliers and service providers, we will observe and  fully adhere to the terms and conditions agreed upon. We understand the importance of a  company’s confidential information and intellectual property rights. As such, when we deal  with confidential inform ation and/or intellectual property of our suppliers and service providers,  we will ensure that they are handled with great rigor and care.  5 - 2.  Product Promotion  We  will  not  encourage  or  influence  unnecessary  or  inappropriate  prescribing,  purchasing  or  us e  by  providing  information  relating  to  the  Company  or  its  subsidiaries'  products  that  is  misleading.  All  information  on  the  Company  or  its  subsidiaries'  products  that  we  convey  will  be  up - to - date,  accurate,  balanced,  fair,  objective  and  verifiable.  For  products  that  have  not  yet  received  marketing  approval,  we  will  ensure  that  no  claims  about  the  safety  or  efficacy  of  such  unapproved  products  are  made,  an d  that  any  communications  relating  to  these  unapproved  products  are  limited  to  exchanges  of  scientific  information  only  by  medical  representatives,  to  the  extent  permitted  by  the  relevant  laws  and  regulations  of  each  country.  For  products  that  are  approved ,  we  will  exchange  information  of  the  products  only  for  their  approved  uses  and  only  to  those  whom  we  are  able  to  promote  to  under  Applicable  Laws  and  Regulations  of  each  country.  5 - 3 .  Patient Support and Giving Back to the Public  From  time  to  time  we  may  carry  out  charitable  activities  and/or  make  charitable  donations  for  legitimate  causes.  We  will  only  support  qualified  charities  whose  activities  and  objectives  are

S amsung Epis Holdings Co., Ltd .  Samsung Epis Holdings  Co., Ltd. Code of Conduct  (2025)  7  to  support  the  needs  of  the  public  at  large  and/or  to  enhance  and  improve  the  health  and  welfare  of  patients.  All  charitable  activities  and/or  charitable  donations  will  be  made  in  line  with  Applicable  Laws  and  Regulations  and  this  Code  of  Conduct.  5 - 4 .  Political Neutrality  Employees shall not attribute their personal pol itical opinions and conduct to the Company, or  cause such opinions or conduct to be attributed to the Company. We will respect related national,  state and local laws of the host jurisdiction.  The Company’s resources, including financial  resources, manpower , and facilities shall not be used to further political goals.  5 - 5 .  Dignity Maintenance  Employees  are  encouraged  to  ethically  and  conscientiously  carry  out  their  job  duties  and  responsibilities.  During  the  term  of  employment  at  the  Company,  an  employee  is  not  permitted  to  simultaneously  maintain  employment  with  a  third  party  or  otherwise  be  engaged  in  outside  business  activities  when  such  employment  or  activities  prevent  the  employee  from  fully  performing  work,  including  overtime  assignments,  fo r  which  he  or  she  is  employed,  unless  otherwise  agreed  by  prior  consent.

S amsung Epis Holdings Co., Ltd .  Samsung Epis Holdings  Co., Ltd. Code of Conduct  (2025)  8  Ⅲ .  Compliance Guidelines and Reporting Violations  1.  Compliance  Guidelines  To ensure that all our officers and employees fully understand and comply with all the  requirements of our Code of Conduct, we will provide our officers and employees with a set  of written policies and procedures that provide more detailed guidance on the  rules set out  herein. Such company - wide policies and procedures should be adopted by all departments and  each function will apply the policies and procedures in carrying out its business activities. In  addition, departments and functions will incorporate t hese policies and procedures into their  own standard operating procedures (SOPs). Supervisors will be tasked with the role of alerting  and advising newcomers of policies, procedures and SOPs that apply to the newcomers’  specific roles, and also to periodic ally remind existing employees of the applicable policies,  procedures, and SOPs. A variety of training materials, educational sessions, and other resources  will also be made available to assist our officers and employees in their understanding his or  her r esponsibilities.  Despite having various written resources and training to guide our officers and employees,  these resources cannot enumerate every possible situation that one may encounter in carrying  out one’s daily business activities. Where we are face d with uncertainty, the  Compliance  Department  and company’s legal counsels are available to assist the individuals come to an  answer.  Compliance policies, procedures, SOPs and training materials will be updated from time to  time. Officers and employees wi ll be notified when updated versions become available.  2.  Reporting  Violations  The  C ompany encourages all officers and employees to report any suspected violations of the  Code of Conduct, policies, procedures, or Applicable Laws, Regulations or industry C odes of  Practice. Under certain circumstances, failure to report any known wrongdoing may also be a  basis for disciplinary action. We may report concerns to their supervisors,  Compliance  Department , Legal Team or People Team. In addition, a reporting hotli ne is available to all our  officers and employees to raise concerns about compliance. Anonymity will be always  guaranteed.  [Compliance Hot - line]  ∙  Mail:  Samsung  Epis  Holdings  Compliance  Department  ( 76  Songdogyoyuk - ro,  Yeonsu - gu,  Incheon,  Republic  of  Korea,  21987 )  ∙  E - mail:  Compliance  Hot - line  (cp.hotline@samsung.com)

S amsung Epis Holdings Co., Ltd .  Samsung Epis Holdings  Co., Ltd. Code of Conduct  (2025)  9  Regardless of the method used to report concerns, they will be taken seriously and investigated  thoroughly and appropriately. Individuals found to be involved in the wrongdoing  will be  subject to disciplinary action which may include termination of employment and legal action.  3.  Anti - Retaliation  An employee reporting a suspected wrongdoing in good faith will not be subject to retaliation,  discipline or other disadvantages for having done so, even if the report is ultimately established  to be erroneous. The  C ompany supports a corporate culture that  makes it safe for officers and  employees to speak up and voice their concerns. Retaliation by supervisors or other officers  and employees is strictly prohibited and will be a ground for disciplinary action.


</Pharma_Korea_Samsung Epis Holdings_2025.pdf>