This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Pharma_Indonesia_Kalbe Farma_2025.pdf>



Table of Content  Kalbe at A Glance  2 Vision, Mission, and Corporate Values  3 Business Ethics  6 Code of Conduct  11 1  Sustainability Framework  40 Authorization  39  Reporting Mechanism  41

Kalbe at a Glance  PT Kalbe Farma Tbk (Kalbe) was established in 1966 and is one of the biggest public pharmaceutical companies in Southeast Asia. Kalbe has four main divisions that handle a portfolio of dependable and various brands: the prescription pharmaceutical division, the health products division that handles over-the-counter drugs, multivitamins, and ready-to-serve supplemental drinks, the nutritions division, and the distribution & logistics division. Kalbe has also developed B2B-based digital services  ecosystems for the society: EMOS and MOSTRANS. EMOS is an order management application system that helps  distribution channels perform their stock or supply chain management actions. MOSTRANS is a B2B transportation solution provider for the easy management and the  efficiency of transportation.  Kalbe now has 4 8  subsidiaries and 1 5  international-standard production facilities, supported by around 16,000 employees in 7 2  branches throughout Indonesia. Kalbe’s shares have been listed in Indonesia Stock Exchange/Bursa Efek Indonesia (IDX:KLBF) since 1991. 2

Mission  To improve health for a better life  Vision  To be the best  Indo nesian Global Healthcare Company driven by innovation, strong brands, and excellent management  Corporate Values Kalbe Panca Sradha  Trust is the glue of life Mindfulness is the foundation of our action  Innovation is the key to our success Strive to be the best Interconnectedness is a universal way of life 3

Bernadette Ruth Irawati Setiady  President Director of PT Kalbe Farma Tbk  Kalbe Personnel,  As we strive to accelerate sustainable growth, we recognize that our journey requires more than just innovation and high  performance, but also our unwavering commitment to ethics,  integrity, and the values that define us as a company.  At Kalbe, we are guided by the vision to be a  healthcare company that not only delivers positive impact to society at large but also strengthens national health resilience. This Business Ethics and Code of Conduct is your guide in conducting our business responsibly, ethically, and in line with the principles of good corporate governance. By living  the values of Panca Sradha — trust, mindfulness, innovation,  strive to be the best  and interconnectedness — we can foster sustainable growth, enhance our reputation, and build lasting trust with all our stakeholders. We extend our gratitude for the commitment of all Kalbe  Personnel. 4

Governance Team Organizational Structure  AGM  BOD  BOC  Governance Team  Chairwoman  Maria Teresa Fabiola  Member  Jessyca Sentosa Rustam Tan  Maurits Kurniawan  Hari Nugroho Abi Nisaka  Task Force  Ika Christine Choandi Erdanoe Apriyan Nasution  Bernadette Fanny Lasapu  Syeren Amanda  Vidjongtius  Chairman of GCG Committee  Kartika Setiabudy  Member of GCG Committee GCG Committee 5

Kalbe's Business Ethics  Compliance with laws and regulations Shareholders Business Partners Business  Competition Business Integrity  Conflict of Interest  Data and Information Protection  Governance  Commitment to Employees Innovation Products and Services Community  Partnership Organizational and Political Activities  Social  Commitment to the Environment  Environment Standards of Conduct Compliance & Reporting 6

Standards of Conduct  Kalbe Personnel shall conduct all activities in accordance with Kalbe Panca Sradha values.  Compliance & Reporting  Kalbe Personnel shall conduct all activities with integrity, honesty, and transparency, based on Kalbe Panca Sradha. Any violation shall be addressed in accordance with applicable policies.  Commitment to Environment  Kalbe is committed to implementing environmental  pollution prevention and control, as well as improvement  efforts that contribute to environmental sustainability.  Kalbe strives to use natural resources wisely. Kalbe actively participates and collaborates with relevant parties for  environmental conservation.  Innovation  Kalbe consistently applies innovation as an essential part of business sustainability, to provide the best for  consumers, through providing the best for consumers, through research and development that are rational, collaborative, responsible research and development as well as  implementing safety and quality standards for products and services. Kalbe also respects intellectual property rights. 7

Commitment to Employees  Kalbe values diversity and roles of all Kalbe Personnel in achieving business success based on Kalbe Panca Sradha values. Kalbe recruits, empowers, and develops Kalbe Personnel based on competencies required by the Company for the present and future. Kalbe pays attention to the welfare of Kalbe Personnel so that they can contribute with their optimal potential. Kalbe Personnel are committed to fully implement  Occupational Safety and Health, Security, and  Environmental Protection, also maintain good  relationships with the employees through various  communication forums.  Products & Services  Kalbe implements product and service standards and requirements in accordance with the prevailing laws and regulations in Indonesia also in each country where Kalbe conducts its business activities. Kalbe provides  accurate information regarding the benefits of its prod - ucts and services so as not to mislead consumers. Kalbe conduct s  its marketing activities in a responsible manner, taking into account compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. 8

Community Partnership  Kalbe ,  as a part of the society ,  is committed to cooperate with the Government, Academia, the Business Sector, Society, and the Media to provide positive contributions in  the field of healthcare toward the realization of a healthy,  advanced, and cultured society. Kalbe actively participates alongside Government agencies and other institutions in the development of legislation and regulations that are  beneficial to the society.  Organizational and Political Activities  Kalbe is not affiliated with any political party or mass  organization associated with any political party, and does not condone the use of Company assets for political purposes. All Kalbe Personnel must remain neutral and should not  show support for, or be affiliated with, any political party  or related organizations.  Compliance with Laws and Regulations  Kalbe is committed to complying with the laws and regulations applicable in Indonesia and in each country where Kalbe  conducts its business activities, as well as to respecting and upholding Human Rights.  Shareholders  Kalbe strives to create sustainable growth based on  governance principles that provide benefits to shareholders.  Kalbe consistently provides up-to-date information regarding its business activities and performance in a fair, objective, and timely manner. 9

Business Partners  Kalbe establishes and maintains mutually beneficial business  relationships with all business partners. Kalbe strive s  to ensure that its business partners also comply with Kalbe’s Business Ethics.  Business Competition  Kalbe conducts its business based on the principles of fair business competition in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations. Kalbe strives to face competition as a challenges to improve the Company’s performance.  Business Integrity  Kalbe is committed to maintaining integrity in conducting its business. As a manifestation of this integrity, Kalbe Personnel  shall not accept any form of gift that may influence  decision-making.  Kalbe is committed to fulfilling its reporting obligations to  stakeholders in accordance with the applicable regulations.  Conflict of Interest  Kalbe is committed to avoiding any conflict of interest that  may cause harm to the Company. Kalbe Personnel are not permitted to abuse their position to  obtain personal or group benefits.  Data and Information Protection  Kalbe is committed to using data responsibly as well as to  safeguarding the confidentiality and protecting confidential  data owned by Kalbe in conducting its business activities  effectively. 10

Standards of Conduct  Kalbe Personnel shall  Understand and implement Kalbe Panca Sradha, which is the values set forth in Kalbe’s Business Ethics and Code of Conduct. Participate in appropriate training, refresher programs, and/or post-training assessments required by the Company. Complete the annual statement  confirming awareness and  understanding of Kalbe Panca Sradha, Kalbe’s Business Ethics, and the Code of Conduct.  Seek clarification or consult  with the relevant supervisor or the Corporate Governance Team if there are any  difficulties in interpreting  certain conducts in accordance with Kalbe’s Business Ethics and Code of Conduct standards.  Kalbe Personnel shall not  Conduct actions that are contrary to Kalbe Panca Sradha, Kalbe’s Business Ethics and Kalbe’s Code of Conduct, as well as any behavior that may damage the Company’s reputation. Disregard training, refresher programs, and/or post-training assessments organized by the Company. Kalbe Personnel shall conduct all activities in accordance with Kalbe Panca Sradha values. 11

Compliance and Reporting  Kalbe Personnel shall  Report to the Corporate Governance Team in the event of any violation or suspected violation of Kalbe’s Business Ethics and Code of Conduct, including those involving oneself, colleagues, individuals acting on behalf of the Company, or the conduct of business partners that does not comply with Kalbe’s Business Ethics and Code of Conduct; in such cases, Kalbe Personnel are obligated to report immediately in accordance with the established reporting procedures. Cooperate with the appointed Investigation Team and the Corporate Governance Team in the event of an investigation into a violation.  Kalbe Personnel shall not  Ignore or fail to report incidents that may potentially result in, or have resulted in, a violation of the Business Ethics and Code of Conduct. Prevent colleagues from reporting incidents that may potentially result in, or have resulted in, a violation of the Business Ethics and Code of Conduct, or encourage others to ignore a violation. Kalbe Personnel shall conduct all activities with integrity, honesty, and transparency, based on Kalbe Panca Sradha. Any violation shall be addressed in accordance with applicable policies. 12

Environment  Kalbe is committed to Environmental Conservation through the responsible management of energy, water, emissions, waste, biodiversity, and environmentally friendly products.  Topics:  Commitment to the Environment. 13

Commitment to the Environment  Kalbe is committed to implementing environmental pollution  prevention and control, as well as improvement efforts that  contribute to environmental sustainability. Kalbe strives to use natural resources wisely. Kalbe actively participates and collaborates with relevant parties for environmental conservation.  Kalbe Personnel shall  Support environmental conservation. Conduct environmentally friendly practices, as appropriate and required by the Company. Increase the utilization of appropriate renewable energy in the production and distribution processes.  Kalbe Personnel shall not  Conduct activities that cause environmental damage. Exploit the environment in ways that have negative impact on the society. 14

Social  Kalbe is committed to managing long-term social impacts for consumers and the community in providing broad access to support the improvement of public health for a better quality of life.  Topic s :  Commitment to Employees Innovation Products and Services Community Partnership Organizational and Political Activities 15

Commitment to Employees  Kalbe values the diversity and roles of all Kalbe Personnel in achieving business success based on Kalbe Panca Sradha values. Kalbe recruits, empowers, and develops Kalbe Personnel based on competencies required by the Company for the present and future. Kalbe pays attention to the welfare of Kalbe Personnel so that they can contribute their optimal potential. Kalbe Personnel are committed to fully implement Occupational Safety and Health, Security, and Environmental Protection, and maintain good relationships with the employees through various communication forums. 16

Commitment to Employees Kalbe Personnel shall  Respect and value the existence of each employee along with their roles and responsibilities. Treat other Kalbe Personnel fairly and equally in accordance with their rights and obligations under the applicable regulations. Establish productive cooperation and actively participate in inter-employee activities within the Company. Develop a mindset of continuous learning and motivation for excellence in implementation.  Kalbe Personnel shall not  Engage in direct or indirect acts of discrimination and intimidation based on Ethnicity, Religion, Race, and Intergroup Relations (SARA), or acts of violence against employees or other parties. Disregard the implementation of all Company procedures and provisions. 17

Commitment to Employees Kalbe Personnel shall  Possess a commitment to implementing all Company procedures and provisions, including but not limited to health, occupational safety, security, and environmental protection. Comply with applicable laws and regulations that are related to employment. 18

Innovation Kalbe Personnel shall  Ensure that all research is conducted in accordance with ethical standards and  applicable regulations. Ensure that risks related to end-to-end research and  innovation activities, including occupational safety, are  properly assessed and  managed. Comply with the terms and conditions  stated  in the applicable laws concerning intellectual property, including but not limited to trademarks, patents, copyrights, industrial designs, and trade secrets to be used or implemented by the Company.  Kalbe Personnel shall not  Publish, whether verbally or in  writing, any confidential  information related to research and innovation activities. Submit incorrect or inappropriate research data. Conduct research or innovation activities that violate regulations in the respective country. Kalbe consistently applies innovation as an essential part of business sustainability, providing the best for consumers, through research and development that are rational, collaborative, responsible as well as implementing safety and quality standards for products and services. Kalbe also respects intellectual property rights. 19

Kalbe Personnel shall  Implement an effective, proper,  and correct quality control system in accordance with applicable regulations to ensure the quality of products and services for consumer satisfaction. Respond to customer complaints promptly and appropriately.  Kalbe Personnel shall not  Disregard the applicable quality control system. Respond to customer inquiries regarding product quality or safety without having the proper authority. Create advertisements or marketing communications that have the potential to mislead consumers and violate applicable regulations. Allow any known incident that has the potential to pose a risk to the quality of the Company’s products and services.  Products and Services  Kalbe implements product and service standards and require- ments in accordance with the prevailing laws and regulations in Indonesia and in each country where Kalbe conducts its business activities. Kalbe provides accurate information regarding the  benefits of its products and services so as not to mislead con - sumers. Kalbe conduct s  its marketing activities in a responsible manner, considering compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. 20

Products and Services Kalbe Personnel shall  Possess integrity, responsibility, and transparency in the provision of products and services, such as: Report any complaints regarding the quality of products and services. Comply with the applicable marketing principles or standards Explain the product or service and its impact honestly, accurately, and transparently, accompanied by relevant facts and information. Ensure the availability of adequate information for consumers and customers to understand the use of the Company’s products and services and to submit complaints. Consider environmental impact in the development of new products and marketing activities. 21

Community Partnership  Kalbe ,  as part of the society ,  is committed to collaborate with Government, Academia, Business Sector,  C ommunity, and  Media to provide positive contributions in the field of healthcare  towards the realization of a healthy, advanced, and cultured  society. Kalbe actively participates alongside Government  agencies and other institutions in the development of legislation  and regulations that are beneficial to the society.  Kalbe Personnel shall  Support community activities organized by the Company. Select community partners and other external institutions with credibility that aligns with the Company’s vision and mission. Support relevant health initia-tives that aim to educate and improve the quality of life of the community.  Kalbe Personnel shall not  Establish relationships with community organizations and external institutions, represent the Company, make decisions without the knowledge of the authorized parties within the Company, as well as abuse one’s position or act beyond authority. 22

Organizational and Political Activities  Kalbe is not affiliated with any political party or mass  organization associated with any political party, and does not condone the use of Company assets for political purposes. All Kalbe Personnel  must  remain neutral and shall not  express affiliation with or support for any political party and  mass organization associated with any political party.  Kalbe Personnel shall  Ensure that Company activities do not lead to support for any  specific mass organization or  political party. Support diversity. Present personal identity wisely in public domains or on social media in a manner that may be associated with the Company’s identity.  Kalbe Personnel shall not  Engage in acts of  provocation/incitement/influence  related to politics within the Company environment or the community. Participate in political campaigns or political activities during working hours, use Company attributes  and/or utilize office infrastructure  for political-related activities. Utilize Company attributes during campaigns or use campaign attributes within the Company environment. 23

Governance  Kalbe always believes that the implementation of Good Corporate Governance (GCG) is essential to achieve and maintain trust in the  Company. Policies and procedures are reviewed and refined to  ensure compliance with applicable regulations and align with the best international practices and standards. The Board of Directors continuously pays attention to the Company’s code of ethics to ensure that all business activities are conducted ethically and responsibly.  Topics :  Compliance with laws and regulations Shareholders Business Partners Business Competition Business Integrity  Conflict of Interest  Data and Information Protection 24

Compliance with Laws and Regulations  Kalbe is committed to comply with the laws and regulations applicable in Indonesia also in each country where Kalbe conducts its business activities, as well as to respecting and upholding Human Rights.  Kalbe Personnel shall  Understand and comply with Company and government regulations in jurisdictions where Kalbe conducts its business activities. Ensure that all of the  Company's operational  activities are supported by proper legal documentation to help manage potential legal risks. Kalbe Personnel should coordinate with Corporate Legal throughout the process .  Follow and update Company procedures in accordance with changes in new regulations. Coordinate with Corporate Legal to determine appropriate measures to minimize risks for the Company, in the event of facing and/or potentially facing legal cases (litigation), either civil or criminal, and other corporate legal actions.  Kalbe Personnel shall not  Conduct activities that violate the law. Act independently when dealing with legal cases (litigation) before coordinating with Corporate Legal and obtaining approval from Company Management. Appoint, manage or dismiss, determine the fee structure of external legal counsel without recommendation from Corporate Legal or prior approval from the relevant Company’s management. 25

Shareholders  Kalbe strives to create sustainable growth based on governance  principles that provide benefits to shareholders.  Kalbe consistently provides up-to-date information regarding its business activities and performance in a fair, objective, and timely manner.  Kalbe Personnel shall  Support efforts to achieve  sustainable growth through the development of products and business activities which are  healthy and beneficial for the  community. Follow the direction of the Board of Directors information, timing and/or with whom they may communicate. Build positive and mutually respectful relationships with  the  investment community and media in relation to  Shareholders. Direct all communications with external parties to Corporate Secretary, Corporate External Communication, Board of Directors, and Parties  authorized by the Board of Directors.  Kalbe Personnel shall not  Initiate product and business development without taking into account the sustainability of the Company. Engage in activities beyond the authority and direction given. Disclose information to Shareholders, whether in written or unwritten form, without coordination and approval from Corporate Secretary, Corporate External Communication, Board of Directors, and Parties authorized by the Board of Directors. 26

Business Partners  Kalbe establishes and maintains mutually beneficial business  relationships with all business partners. Kalbe  strives  to ensure that its business partners also comply with Kalbe’s  Business Ethics.  Kalbe Personnel shall  Understand the applicable Kalbe’s Business Ethics and Code of Conduct  when engaging with Business Partners.  Ensure that the process of selecting Business Partners is in accordance with the  applicable policies in the  Company. Report to the Governance Team upon discovering any suspicion or strong indication related to Business Partners that do not meet the  requirements of the applicable standards in the Company.  Kalbe Personnel shall not  Enter into any agreement with any Business Partner beyond the authority granted.  Gain personal benefits from the  selection of Business Partners. 27

Business Competition  Kalbe conducts its business based on the principles of fair business competition in accordance with the applicable laws and regulations. Kalbe strives to face competition as a challenge to improve the Company’s performance.  Kalbe Personnel shall  Comply with regulations and support the culture of fair business competition. Compete fairly and rely on the excellence of the Company’s products, services, and product  differentiation.  Kalbe Personnel shall not  Conduct actions that violate laws  and regulations in the field of  business competition. 28

Business Integrity  Kalbe is committed to maintaining integrity in conducting its business. As a form of integrity, Kalbe Personnel shall not accept  any form of gift that may influence decision- making. Kalbe is committed to fulfilling its reporting obligations to  stakeholders in accordance with the applicable regulations. 29

Business Integrity Kalbe Personnel shall  Make integrity a factor to consider when choosing to collaborate with Business Partners and other third parties. Ensure that gifts/hospitality are  offered or accepted only if it is  in accordance with the applicable business ethics in the Company, such as:  Kalbe Personnel shall not  Disregard the value limits on gifts or hospitality. Establish hospitality guidelines that are contrary to the applicable regulations or laws in the relevant country. Disregard the recording or conceal hospitality for personal purposes.  Offer or provide gratuities.  Solicit or accept inappropriate gifts or hospitality from third  parties that may influence the  Company’s decision regarding such parties. Conceal or delay the disclosure of information regarding acts of bribery or corruption. Refuse and explain the Company’s rules when receiving an inappropriate  offer or gift.  In circumstances where the gift must be accepted to  avoid conflict, or where the  gift cannot be returned, Kalbe Personnel shall consult with the relevant Department Head. 30

Business Integrity Kalbe Personnel shall  Ensure that gifts and hospitality provided by other parties are  reasonable and not routine, so as not to influence decision- making or potentially create a conflict of interest. Ensure that any gift offered or received from other parties that  exceeding the limit (minimum equivalent to IDR 1,000,000 / USD 75) shall be recorded and reported to the Corporate Governance Team with the acknowledgement of the Supervisor. 31

Business Integrity Kalbe Personnel shall not  Conduct financial transactions without integrity  Kalbe Personnel shall  Ensure for every financial  transaction:  Record all transactions in  an  accurate, complete and timely manner. Ensure complete approval according to the level of  authority for each transaction. Conduct transactions, including the purchase, sale, or transfer of goods/assets, in accordance with the authority granted. Retain relevant records, data, and information for audit,  taxation, and other purposes in accordance with the Company’s data retention policy and  applicable regulations. Support the audit process  conducted by internal/external auditors, tax authorities, and other regulators.  Manipulate financial  reports to show performance that does not  reflect actual conditions.  Make or request others to make and/or maintain accounts, funds, or assets that are concealed or unrecorded.  Record fictitious financial  transactions and create false internal audit results or reports including quality inspections that were not actually conducted. Approve a commitment, expenditure, loan, or other  financial transaction  beyond one’s role and authority, or not in accordance with the applicable procedures. 32

Business Integrity Kalbe Personnel shall  Implement risk management in managing Physical Assets/ property. Strive to ensure the security and  use of financial assets in  accordance with company policy. Be aware of money laundering attempts in dealings with Third Parties.  Kalbe Personnel shall not  Remove the company’s physical assets/property from company premises without authorization, or use them for inappropriate purposes. 33

Conflict of Interest  Kalbe is committed to avoid any conflict of interest that may  harm the Company. Kalbe Personnel are not permitted to abuse  their position to obtain personal or group benefits.  Kalbe Personnel shall  Promptly notify the supervisor if engaging in personal activities, whether business or non-business, that may create  a potential conflict of interest  related to roles and responsibilities within the Company. Inform supervisor and agree on the best course of action to  avoid conflict of interest.  Kalbe Personnel shall not  Conduct personal activities whether business  related or not  that could influence work perfor -mance and decision  making,  cause a conflict of interest with  Company policies or result in losses to the Company. Work or provide any services for competitors, customers, or suppli- ers, unless written approval has been obtained from the supervi- sor and the Head of HRD. 34

Conflict of Interest  Kalbe Personnel shall  In the event that Kalbe Personnel serves as an  executive for a non-profit  organization in personal capacity, Kalbe Personnel must report to their Supervisor and HRD, and ensure that such role  does not create a conflict of  interest that could diminish their commitment and contribution to the company. Kalbe Personnel must understand that all consequences of such position shall be their own responsibility, except in their capacity when represents the Company.  Kalbe Personnel shall not  Occupy a position in a government structure or public organization, unless such position has been reported to the supervisor and the Head of HRD. Conduct personal business activities during working hours and use Company facilities for such purposes. 35

Data and Information Protection  Kalbe is committed to using data responsibly and ensuring the  confidentiality and protection of its confidential information in  all business activities.  Kalbe Personnel shall  Ensure responsible and secure use of Information Technology, and implement standards in accordance with Company policy, including but not limited to security access and the use of infrastructure. Refer to regulated policies of the Company in the management, use, circulation, storage, protection, and destruction of data and information.  Kalbe Personnel shall not  •  Disclose or convey confidential  and restricted Company  information in any form in public domains, including through  personal social media  .  Disseminate information from internal or external sources before validating its accuracy and reliability. 36

Data and Information Protection Kalbe Personnel shall  Protect information, data, and documents that are used and accessed from outside the Company environment .  Report any suspicion or misuse of company information and data to the Corporate  Governance Team in  accordance with the  established reporting  procedures. Ensure that any data/ information provided to third parties/public is data that has already been published by the Company. Ensure that the dissemination of data categorized as  “confidential” is given a  disclaimer in accordance with Company policy. Seek guidance from the party designated by the Company in the event of any uncertainty in managing and handling  information, data, and  documents.  Kalbe Personnel shall not  Use and disclose Company information to any external party other than for legitimate business purposes or as required by applicable laws and regulations. Provide personal data or Company data to other parties without the consent of the data owner and without a basis in applicable regulations. 37

Data and Information Protection Kalbe Personnel shall  Document all essential Company activity data, such as research and innovation data, records of all interactions conducted with the community or other external institutions, and the like.  In the event that confidential data is obtained unintentionally,  Kalbe Personnel must immediately report it to the Corporate Governance Team.  Safeguard any personal data and treat it as confidential, private,  and secure; physical copies must also be stored in a secure location, and its management must be subject to applicable laws and regulations. In the event that personal data is obtained, Kalbe Personnel must inform the data owner of how the data will be used by the Company. In the event that Kalbe Personnel use communication media,  including those managed by other parties officially appointed by  the Company to deliver Company information to the public, Kalbe Personnel must coordinate with Corporate External Communication and ensure that such actions are conducted in accordance with applicable ethics and regulations. Ensure that Company information/data published internally or externally has been validated by the Corporate Secretary, Corporate External Communication, Corporate Human Resources, the Board of Directors, and authorized parties. 38

Authorization Page Jakarta, 19 March 2025  Board of Directors President Director  Bernadette Ruth Irawati Setiady  President Commisioner  Vidjongtius  Director  Sie Djohan  Director  Mulialie  Director  Kartika Setiabudy  Director  Jos Iwan Atmadjaja 39

Kalbe Sustainability in ESG Perspective  The Relationship of Kalbe’s 9 Sustainability Pillars Viewed from the ESG (Environment, Social, and Governance) Aspects is as follows:  Environment  : Pillar of Ecosystem and Environmental Sustainability Social  : Pillars of Health Science and Technology, Healthy Living and Health Education, and Access to Healthcare Services Governance  : Pillars of Ethos, Spirit, Hope, Action, and the Total Sustainable Business Ecosystem 40

The Company accepts reports from whistleblowers (Kalbe employees) who clearly state their identity. Reports should be accompanied by supporting data, evidence, information, or clear indications to enable appropriate follow-up on the issue. The Company will follow up on reported issues in accordance with applicable procedures and regulations. Socialization of Business Ethics and reporting mechanisms in each SBU will be managed by the respective SBU management.  Reporting channel: JAPRI@kalbecorp.com General Policy Whistleblower Protection  The Company is committed to:  Providing an independent, confidential, and secure reporting  facility and management system.  Ensuring the confidentiality of the whistleblower’s identity  and treating all information with appropriate follow-up in a responsible manner. Protecting whistleblowers from any retaliatory actions. 41

Scope of Violations  The scope of reportable issues that will be followed up includes:  Issues related to prevailing laws and regulations. Issues concerning Kalbe’s Business Ethics and Code of Conduct. Deviations from the Company’s applicable regulations, including policies and operational procedures. Issues related to generally accepted accounting principles. Acts that endanger occupational safety. 42




</Pharma_Indonesia_Kalbe Farma_2025.pdf>