This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Pharma_China_WuXi AppTec_2021.pdf>

WuXi AppTec Co., Ltd. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics  I.  Introduction  Overview  WuXi AppTec Co., Ltd. (the "Company" or "we") is committed to attracting business through honest competition in the marketplace and abiding by the letter and spirit of all applicable laws and regulations in the countries where the Company does business. Everyone in the Company is expected to act with integrity in everything they do, every time they do it on the Company’s behalf. This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the "Code") is intended to promote the conduct of all Company business in accordance with the highest standards of integrity and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations, and to deter wrongdoing. Since the Code cannot address every situation one might encounter, the Company relies on your good judgment and values to uphold the spirit of the Code—and to seek guidance when you confront issues not addressed by the Code.  Our values and expectations  Vision:  "Every drug can be made and every disease can be treated" by building an open- access platform with the most comprehensive capabilities and technologies in the global healthcare industry.  Mission:  Continue building an open-access capability and technology platform to enable anyone and any company to discover and develop pharmaceuticals and healthcare products to benefit patients. Values:  -  Integrity & Dedication -  Working Together & Sharing Success -  Doing the Right Thing, Doing It Right  Who must abide by this Code?  The Code applies to every full-time and part-time employee, as well as temporary staff, of the Company and each of its subsidiaries.  Training and confirmation  Every employee is responsible for understanding and complying with the Code. In an effort to ensure a unified understanding, training is provided for employees on the Code,

including but not limited to orientation for new employees and regular, periodic compliance  training.  Employees  are  required  to  take  all  assigned  ethics  and compliance training courses throughout each calendar year, either through the online training portal or by attending scheduled live trainings. Each year, we ask every employee to confirm their compliance with the Code. Internal audits regarding the Code may occur periodically.  II.  Reporting and compliance procedures  Every employee has the responsibility to ask questions, seek guidance, and report suspected violations of the Code. Any employee who knows or in good faith believes that another employee engaged or is engaging in Company-related conduct not in compliance with applicable law or the Code is required to report such information to the Company. You are encouraged to speak up and raise your concerns with your supervisors or through the following channels: China: -  The head of your organization, department, or business; -  Your Human Resources Business Partner; -  The Internal Audit Department; -  Reporting website: http://jubao.wuxiapptec.com; -  Reporting mailbox:  InternalAudit@wuxiapptec.com ;  -  Reporting hotline: 86-400-820-6869; or -  Ding Talk ： "Compliance Report". North America, Europe, Israel and UK: -  The head of your organization, department, or business; -  Your Human Resources Business Partner; -  The Vice President of Human Resources; -  The Executive Director, Finance; -  The General Counsel, US; or -  Reporting hotline: 1-877-342-0109 (the In Touch Ethics Hotline). While we prefer that you identify yourself when reporting your concerns so that we may follow up with you, as necessary, for additional information, the Company also accepts anonymous reports, except where prohibited by local law. That said, the Company would prefer that you report something anonymously, rather than not at all. The Company handles inquiries and investigations confidentially, and discloses the substance of your inquiry and your identity (if you chose to provide it), on a strict need- to-know basis, to the extent deemed necessary by the Company to conduct a thorough investigation and respond appropriately to the issue raised.

All reported violations will be subject to a thorough and timely investigation. If a concern regarding  a violation is substantiated, the situation will be resolved through appropriate corrective actions. Corrective actions may include, among other things, clarification of the Company policy, additional training, facility or process changes, or disciplinary action. When possible, you will be informed of the status of the investigation and the outcome of the matter. However, the Company has confidentiality obligations to all employees—both those who report concerns and those investigated—that must be respected. In summary, the Company is fully committed to handling non-compliance cases by: -  taking all reporting seriously; -  investigating the cases efficiently and in a timely manner; -  assessing the facts objectively and impartially; and -  taking  adequate  corrective  measures  and  sanctions,  when  an  allegation  is substantiated.  The Role of Leadership  It  is  the  responsibility  of  all  leaders  within  the  Company  to  lead  by  example, demonstrate integrity, and encourage discussion of the ethical and legal implications of business decisions. We expect our leaders to help create and maintain a work environment  where  responsible  behavior  is  required  and  acknowledged.  Our leadership  helps  do  this  by  being  a  trusted  resource  and  providing  adequate information and training regarding our Code and applicable policies. Leaders should maintain an "open door" environment and ensure that everyone feels comfortable to ask questions and raise issues. Once an issue is raised, leaders need to respond or seek guidance regarding concerns promptly and appropriately. Leaders, working with Human Resources, are responsible for taking appropriate measures within their area of responsibility to ensure that no one who raises a concern in good faith or participates in an investigation is subject to any retaliation.  Zero tolerance for retaliation  The Company keeps all information of whistle-blowers strictly confidential. Specific investigators will be assigned after receiving a report. Investigators should maintain strict confidentiality beginning from receipt of a report to the close of a case, in order to protect the safety of the whistle-blower. Such confidential information includes the identity of whistle-blowers, the evidence gathered during the investigation, and the reports drafted during the investigation. Access to the information should be strictly limited. It is also strictly forbidden for people who are involved in the investigation to disclose the name, identity and any information of the whistle-blower to anyone, except to the extent deemed necessary by the Company to conduct a thorough investigation and respond appropriately to the issue raised. The Company forbids retaliation against anyone who in good faith asks questions,

seeks advice, voices a concern, or reports a possible violation of the Code. The Company aims to ensure that no employee will suffer undue harm because they do the right thing by voicing a concern or reporting something that they believe violates the Code or the law. The Company will not discipline, discriminate, or retaliate against any employee who reports such conduct in good faith, or who cooperates in any investigation or inquiry regarding such conduct. Anyone who engages in retaliation against someone who asks questions, speaks up, raises a concern, or reports a potential violation of the Code will face discipline, up to and including termination, regardless of that person’s position or stature within the Company. If you believe you are the victim of retaliatory action, you should contact your manager or supervisor, the Ethics Hotline, a Human Resources Business Partner, or the VP of any Business Unit. Any supervisor who receives a report of a violation of this Code must immediately inform his/her Supervisor, Human Resources Business Partner, or the VP of their Business Unit.  III.  Compliance  Anti-corruption, anti-bribery, and anti-kickback  Bribery and corruption of any kind undermines the integrity and reputation of the Company. The Company will succeed based on its ethical reputation and the quality and value of its people, products, and services, not by improperly influencing others to make business decisions because of offers of bribes or kickbacks. The Company strictly prohibits any employee from making or providing, offering to make or provide, or accepting a bribe, kickback, or other corrupt payment. The laws of every country in which the Company operates, including  1997 OECD Convention , the  U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act  ("FCPA") and the  China Anti Unfair Competition Law , as well as the Company’s policies, strictly prohibit bribery. Violating the Code not only could result in you being disciplined or terminated, but any violations of the laws prohibiting bribery and kickbacks could result in criminal and civil penalties for both you and the Company (including imprisonment). Interactions with Government Officials:  Every employee who comes into contact with government officials anywhere must act with the highest integrity. The anti-corruption rules that apply when interacting with government officials are especially strict. A few laws and regulations such as the FCPA make it a crime to directly or indirectly offer or give anything of value, including any payments, gifts, business gratuities (such as meals and entertainment) or contributions, to officials or employees of any foreign government or government-owned business for  the  purpose  of  getting  or  retaining  business  or  to  otherwise  influence  the government official or employee. The FCPA and similar laws of countries in which the Company operates also prohibit using third-parties acting on the Company’s behalf to take such illegal actions. Employees must never allow a third party to offer or accept a bribe, as both the Company and the employee may be held responsible under the law

for the third-party’s actions.  Antitrust and fair competition  The  Company  seeks  competitive  advantage  through  superior  performance,  not through  unfair  or  illegal  business  practices.  Business  information  about  other companies should only be collected and used in a manner that is ethical, lawful, and meets confidentiality obligations. The Company is committed to competing fairly and following applicable antitrust and competition laws, which vary from country to country and help to promote free markets. Specifically, it is not permitted to directly or indirectly discuss or have contact with competitors about pricing, costs, terms or conditions of sale, or other competitively sensitive information, especially when attending trade association meetings and other industry gatherings. It is not permitted to directly or indirectly discuss or have contact with suppliers and customers that unfairly restrict trade or exclude competitors from the marketplace. It is not permitted to allocate markets or customers with competitors, or engage in the boycott of customers or suppliers. Improper discrimination with respect to price, discounts, or allowances among similarly situated and competing customers is not allowed.  Money laundering  The Company is committed to preventing money laundering, the financing of terrorism, and other criminal activities, and takes appropriate actions to comply with applicable anti-money laundering laws. You shall by no means participate in money laundering activities, report false cash sums, or illegally evade taxpaying obligations. Moreover, you shall endeavor to become familiar with our clients through reasonable background investigation so as to reduce opportunities of being used in money-laundering efforts.  Insider trading  During the course of your job, you may become aware of information that is not yet publicly available, but that could be important enough to influence the decision to buy or sell stock. This type of information is often referred to as "material non-public information." Such information includes financial results and information about possible mergers, acquisitions or divestures, capital increases, capital market transactions, important licensing agreements and other collaborations, losing or gaining a major contract, results from major clinical trials, as well as ongoing litigation. Employees who have material non-public information about the Company or other companies, including our suppliers and customers, as a result of their relationship with the Company are prohibited by law and Company policy from trading in securities of the Company or such other companies. It is required for such employees, suppliers, and customers to sign a related letter of commitment. Employees are also prohibited from communicating such inside information to others (including other employees, relatives, or friends) who might trade on the basis of that information. Employees

should also be wary of chain emails (emails which ask the recipients to forward the email on to multiple people) and conversations in public spaces, such as trains, planes, restaurants, conferences, or any open space environment. Violations of insider trading laws could expose you and the Company to civil and criminal penalties, including substantial fines and imprisonment.  Global trade control laws  The Company is responsible for complying with import, export control, and economic sanctions laws that govern the transfer of certain products, items, software, and technology, as well as the performance of some services and interactions with third parties.  Global  trade  control  laws  may  restrict  sales,  investments,  transactions, research, charitable contributions, and business activities with certain markets, entities, or individuals.  IV.  Business Ethics and Integrity  Fair dealing  Employees should endeavor to deal honestly, ethically, and fairly with the Company’s suppliers, customers, competitors. Statements regarding the Company’s products and services must not be untrue, misleading, deceptive, or fraudulent. Likewise, you are prohibited from making false, misleading, deceptive, or fraudulent statements about the Company’s competitors or their products and services. You must not take unfair advantage  of  anyone  through  manipulation,  concealment,  abuse  of  privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts or any other unfair-dealing practice.  Conflicts of interest  Employees must act in the best interests of the Company. You must refrain from engaging in any activity or having a personal interest that presents an actual or apparent "conflict of interest". A conflict of interest occurs when your personal interest interferes, or appears to interfere, with the interests of the Company. A conflict of interest can arise whenever you take action or have an interest that prevents you from performing  your  Company  duties  and  responsibilities  honestly,  objectively  and effectively. You should take great care to properly address any conflict of interest before taking any action in your work at the Company. Typical examples of common conflicts of interest are as follows: Outside Employment or Activities. No employee shall perform services as a consultant,  employee, officer, director, advisor or in any other capacity for, or have a financial interest in, a competitor of the Company, other than services performed at the request of the Company and/or other than a financial interest representing less than one percent (1%) of the outstanding shares of a publicly-held company. Relationships with Business Partners. No employee shall be involved in or influence a  transaction with a supplier, customer or other business partner in which such person

has any personal interest, other than a financial interest representing less than one percent (1%) of the outstanding shares of a publicly-held company. Family or Personal Relationships. No employee shall manage or supervise a family  member or engage in a romantic or other close personal relationship with a reporting employee. Employees who encounter this issue must immediately disclose the familial or personal relationship. Corporate Opportunities. No employee shall take advantage of any opportunities  discovered through their use of corporate assets or that relate to their position with the Company.  Employees have an obligation to advance the Company’s interest, rather than divert opportunities for personal gain. Most conflicts of interest can be resolved or avoided if they are properly disclosed. It is your responsibility to disclose any transaction or relationship that reasonably could be expected to give rise to a conflict of interest. Employees who fail to disclose potential conflicts of interest could face discipline, up to and including termination of their employment.  Corporate assets  Employees should seek to protect the Company’s assets and use them efficiently to advance the interests of the Company. Both tangible and intangible assets are essential to the Company. Tangible assets are ones that have a physical form, such as materials, supplies, equipment, and cash, while intangible assets include intellectual property ("IP"), information assets, brand value, reputation and employee time and talents. Theft, carelessness, and waste have a direct impact on the Company’s financial performance. Employees must use the Company’s assets and services solely for legitimate business purposes of the Company and not for any personal benefit or the personal benefit of anyone else. Employees are also required to identify, secure, and protect the Company’s IP and to respect the IP rights of others. It is prohibited to use, copy, distribute, or change copyrighted or third-party materials without permission from the copyright owner or its authorized agent.  Gifts and gratuities  The Company competes for and earns business through the quality of its personnel, products, and services, not with gifts or lavish entertainment. Gifts and business gratuities, when used correctly, can promote goodwill and reinforce strong business relationships and may be appropriate in certain circumstances. However, to safeguard the reputation of the Company, employees must be sure that such business gratuities serve a legitimate business purpose, comply with applicable law and the customer’s own policies, and are reasonable under the circumstances.

Gifts and entertainment shall only be offered or accepted in the normal course of an existing business relationship, and during which the primary subject of discussion is business. The appropriateness of a particular type of entertainment depends upon both the reasonableness of the expense and the type of activity involved. You should only offer gifts and entertainment that are appropriate and reasonable for promotional purposes. You also should never offer gifts, entertainment, or other business gratuities as a means of influencing a person’s business decision. Employees must not accept, or permit any member of his or her immediate family to accept, any gifts, gratuities or other favors from any customer, supplier or other person doing or seeking to do business with the Company other than items of nominal value. Any gifts that are not of nominal value should be returned immediately. If immediate return is not practical, they should be given to the Company for charitable disposition or such other disposition as the Company believes appropriate at its sole discretion. Under no circumstances should an employee of the Company give or receive cash or a cash equivalent (such as a gift card) as a business courtesy or gratuity.  Financial integrity  Accurate  business  records  are  essential  to  the  Company’s  business  and  for safeguarding investor confidence, and we maintain strong internal controls to ensure the accuracy, completeness, and reliability of Company accounting records and publicly filed financial statements. Employee must honestly and accurately report all business, accounting, and financial transactions. You are responsible for the accuracy of your records and reports. All Company books, records and accounts shall be maintained in accordance with all applicable regulations and standards and accurately reflect the true nature of the transactions they record. The financial statements of the Company shall conform to generally accepted accounting rules and the Company’s accounting policies. No undisclosed or unrecorded account or fund shall be established for any purpose. No false or misleading entries shall be made in the Company’s books or records for any reason, and no disbursement of corporate funds or other corporate property shall be made without adequate supporting documentation.  Information management and protection  Confidential and proprietary information. In the course of your duties for the Company,  employees are granted access to information that may be confidential and proprietary. Employees should never use or disclose confidential information except when the use or disclosure is authorized by a supervisor or legally mandated. Even if the disclosure outside of the Company is authorized or required by law, the confidential information may not be disclosed unless the necessary confidentiality/non-disclosure agreements are in place with the third-parties to whom the information will be disclosed and

appropriate disclosure is made within the scope of the confidentiality agreements. Additionally, employees should take appropriate precautions to ensure that confidential or sensitive business information, whether it is proprietary to the Company or another company, is not communicated even within the Company except to employees who have a need to know such information to perform their responsibilities for the Company. Communicating with the Public, Investors and Media. In order to safeguard the  Company’s reputation and its confidential information, it is important that the Company communicates accurately and consistently with external audiences, including the news media, investors, and members of the general public. Employees (other than the Company’s authorized spokespersons) must not discuss internal Company matters with, or disseminate internal Company information to anyone outside the Company, except as required in the performance of their Company duties and only after an appropriate confidentiality agreement is in place and an appropriate disclosure is made within the scope of the confidentiality agreement. This prohibition applies particularly to inquiries concerning the Company from the media, market professionals (such as securities analysts, institutional investors, investment advisers, brokers, and dealers) and securities holders. All responses to inquiries on behalf of the Company must be made only by the Company’s authorized spokespersons. If you receive any inquiries of this nature, you must decline to comment and refer the inquirer to one of the Company’s authorized spokespersons.  Sensitive and personal data. The Company may obtain, use, and store personal  information of different types and for many reasons. These types of information include the personal information of employees and information of the Company’s customers and vendors. As a global company, we are committed to complying with the laws that govern the collection, use, and management of personal information in all of the countries where we do business. Respecting the privacy of companies and individuals who entrust us with their information and data is of great importance to the Company. The Company is committed to protecting personal data and to processing it only within the  boundaries  of  applicable  law.  Only  the  minimum  amount  of  personal  data necessary to achieve a legitimate purpose shall be collected, processed, used, disclosed, or stored. Special requirement for social media. Posting or commenting on online content can  easily affect the image and reputation of our Company, employees, or business partners.  Therefore,  all  employees  should  use  social  media  appropriately,  both professionally  and  privately.  Any  employee  who  uses  social  media  should  act responsibly when disclosing information, statements or opinions on social media and consider  the  consequences  for  the  Company.  Only  designated  employees  are authorized to communicate on behalf of the Company.  V.  Products and Development

Research and development  The  integrity  of  information  and  data  is  of  critical  importance  in  research  and development. The Company is committed to record and keep accurate, complete, consistent, and trustworthy records to ensure that the products and processes are of the highest quality—safe, effective, and protective of the patients, employees, and communities. The Company acts consistently with global and widely accepted medical-ethical principles and standards such as  Declaration of Helsinki . All research proposals must be ethically and scientifically reviewed in line with current laws and regulations, and all relevant internal review and approval procedures must be followed. When conducting clinical trials, applicable sections of  Good Clinical Practices  ("GCP") shall be followed. The Company proactively identifies, assesses, and responds to medical-ethical issues. When evaluating such issues, the Company uses an objective, evidence-driven, transparent, and collaborative approach to help protect the safety of  the study participants and patients. The Company is committed to minimizing the use of methods that involve animals by applying the guiding principles of the 3Rs (Reduce, Refine, Replace). The Company is passionate and committed to achieving the ultimate goal of eventually replacing animal testing by investment in science and technology that will have an impact on animal use. Whenever possible, the Company seeks alternatives to animal testing and supports the development and adoption of non-animal validated test methods to assess the safety and efficacy of potential new products. Where animal testing is needed, the Company maintains high standards of animal care and welfare consistent with or exceeding those required by law and relevant external oversight bodies.  Product information  Integrity is critical to our business. The Company is committed to complying with all applicable laws, regulations, industry codes and internal processes and standards relating to good marketing practices. Products and services must be provided in a transparent, accurate, honest, and timely manner. No misleading or disparaging claims about the products will be tolerated. All advertising, promotional claims, and marketing materials in any format must receive all necessary approvals.  VI.  Employees and Community  Human rights  Human rights are fundamental rights and freedoms that all people are entitled to, regardless of race, sex, nationality, ethnicity, language, religion, or any other status. The Company respects the  10 UN Global Compact Principles  and the  Fundamental

Principles and Rights at Work  stipulated by the International Labor Organization. The Company prohibits the use of any form of forced, bonded, indentured, compulsory or child labor in our supply chain and business operations. The Company respects the right to privacy, the right to enjoy just and favorable working conditions, the right to a safe workplace, and the right to a healthy work environment. The Company strives to embed human rights in existing operations by: assessing risks, increasing awareness, strengthening the legal framework, collaborating in collective actions, and engaging in open dialogue.  Diversity, inclusion, and a respectful workplace.  We recognize that the Company creates value from diversity and inclusion. Creating an atmosphere of diversity and inclusion achieves better results for  employees, customers, investors, and other stakeholders. In addition, we are dedicated to fostering a work environment where everyone feels welcome and comfortable and employees are respected and valued. The Company is committed to maintaining a workforce that fosters respect among employees and that is free from any form of discrimination or harassment. The Company is committed to allowing employees to progress based on their talents. All employment  decisions,  including  hiring,  compensation,  promotion,  performance management, discipline, or termination, will be made based solely on an employee’s qualifications and ability to fulfill roles and responsibilities. The Company will not base any employment decision on, for example, an employee’s race, color, gender, religion, national origin, disability, marital status, veteran status, or any other classification protected by law.  The Company does not tolerate any verbal, electronic or physical discrimination, harassment, or bullying. The Company prohibits conduct that creates an intimidating, hostile or offensive work environment, or unreasonably interferes with an individual’s ability to work. For more information, please refer to the  Diversity and Inclusion Policy .  Environmental, Health and Safety  The Company strives to preserve the health, quality of work life and safety of employees and other stakeholders. Therefore, the Company will identify, assess, prevent and control physical, chemical and biological risks inherent in our activities. The Company is proactive in addressing climate change and endeavors to limit the environmental footprint of the activities and products across the value chain. The Company actively seeks and acts upon meaningful opportunities to reduce risk and improve Environmental, Health and Safety ("EHS") performance.

The Company is committed to educating and motivating colleagues to work in a safe, compliant, and environmentally responsible manner and encourages its business partners to do so.  VII.  Misconduct  Protecting the Company’s reputation is every employee’s responsibility. Violation of the Code may result in serious consequences for the Company, its reputation and credibility, and the confidence level of its customers and investors. Sanctions against the Company and its individual employees for criminal or civil wrongdoing could include substantial fines, restrictions on future operations, and/or prison. Any employee who violates the law or the Code is acting outside the scope of their employment and will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. Disciplinary action may also be taken against supervisors or executives who condone, permit or have knowledge of illegal or unethical conduct by subordinates and do not take corrective action. Disciplinary action may be taken against employees who make false statements in connection with investigations of violations of the Code. All employees will be held to the standards in the Code. Violating the Code, even if directed to do so by management, is not justifiable.  VIII.  Waivers of the Code  While most of the policies contained in the Code must be strictly adhered to, there may be limited circumstances where an exception may be warranted. Any employee who believes that an exception to any of these policies is appropriate in their case should first contact their immediate supervisor. If the supervisor agrees that an exception is appropriate, the approval of the head of your organization, department, or business, as well as approval from a member of the legal department must be obtained. The head  of  your  organization,  department,  or  business  shall  be  responsible  for maintaining a complete record of all requests for exceptions to any of these policies and the disposition of such requests. Any executive officer or director who seeks an exception to any of these policies should contact the Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Any waiver of the Code for executive officers or directors or any change to the Code that applies to executive officers or directors may be made only by the Board of Directors of the Company and will be disclosed as required by law.  IX.  Dissemination and Amendment

All employees of the Company can access the Code. The Company reserves the right to amend, alter, or terminate the Code at any time for any reason. The Company will review the Code on a regular basis and amend when necessary. When the Code is updated, employees will be informed in a timely manner. The most current version of the Code can be found on the Company’s website. (https://esg.wuxiapptec.com/)


</Pharma_China_WuXi AppTec_2021.pdf>