This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Pharma_Japan_Otsuka Holdings Co._2023.pdf>

-  1  -  Otsuka Group Global Code of  Business Ethics  Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.

-  2  -  Otsuka Group Global Code of Business Ethics  Table of Contents  Introduction to the Code  Human  Rights and Labour standards  Conflicts of Interest  Bribery and Corruption  Employee  H ealth  Discrimination and Harassment  Diversity and Inclusion  Fair Competition  Environmental Protection  Privacy and Confidentiality  Insider Trading  Intellectual Prope rty  Maintaining Books and Records  Business Integrity  Reporting Concerns

-  3  -  Introduction to the Code  The  Otsuka  Group  consists  of  talented  and  dedicated  individuals  guided  by the  overarching corporate philosophy:  Otsuka - people creating new  products for better health  worldwide .  We continue to build on our proud legacy of  innovation through integrity.  The Otsuka Group Global Code of Business Ethics ("this Code") articulates our  uncompromising commitment to the highest standards of ethi cal con duct.  Embodying key  guiding principles, this Code sets forth the  minimum  standards of conduct for all  individuals of the Otsuka Group.  This Code is applied to directors, officers, employees (both permanent and contract) and  temporary employees of Otsuka H oldings Co., Ltd. and subsidiaries 1  of Otsuka Holdings  Co., Ltd.  In addition, we should continue to ensure that directors, officers, employees and  temporary employees of affiliates of Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd., and third parties ( e.g .,  contractors, vendors , suppliers) conducting business on Otsuka ’ s 2  behalf understand this  Code and act in compliance with this Code.  This Code applies consistently to all our worldwide business operations.  We recognize  that our business activities are subject to the laws of n umerous countries and that each  country has its own unique set of laws and policies, let  alone customs and traditions.  For  these reasons, it is unrealistic to implement a uniform set of rules governing all possi ble  situations in each region.  However, it is  our intent for this Code to be universally  applicable; it reflects the borderless corporate world and transcends geographical, cultural,  and linguistic barriers.  Our professional conduct should be in conformance with all applicable laws and  regulations o f  each country where we operate.  You are personally responsible for  understanding  and  upholding  the  relevant  laws,  public  policies,  and  professional  standards relevant to y our role and responsibilities.  Nothing in the Code should be  1  For affiliates of which Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd. (or a subsidiary) has an ownership interest of less than  50% and for joint ventures (50/50 ownership interest), these requirements do not apply unless Otsuka  Holdings Co., Ltd. exercises significant contro l over the affiliates.  2  “Otsuka” (or the “Company”) refers to the Otsuka Group consisting of Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd and  subsidiaries of Otsuka Holdings Co., Ltd.

-  4  -  construed to interfere  with local, national and international laws. In the event of any  conflict between the Code and separately prepared regional codes and policies, you  should decide which sets fort h higher standards of conduct.  If one requires higher  standards than the other,  that co de should guide your behavior.  Simply put, we must  consistently follow the most stringent rules.  In the end, no guide can replace your conscience and  common sense.  Err on the side of  seeking guidance if something seems intuitively wrong to you or  you are uncerta in of the  best path to follow.  We encourage you to contact the Legal/Compliance Department or  any other appropriately qualified department or personnel.  Human Rights and Labour Standards  We adhere to the Universal Declaration of Human  Rights and to the International Labour  Organization ’ s core labour standards and take no actions that would impede human rights.  We also strive to maintain a comfortable work environment that is respectful of human  rights.  We support the U.N. Global Compac t and incorporate consideration for society and the  environment into our day - to - day business activities, as a part of the realization of our  corporate philosophy.  The Labour Principles (Principles 3 through 6 of the U.N. Global Compact 10 Principles)  spec ify the elimination of forced and compulsory labour and  the abolition of child labour.  Consequently, we require compliance with these Principles among our vendors and  generally in the value chain spheres in which we have influence.  Conflicts of Interest  A conflict of interest arises when any personal activities or relationships (with customers,  suppliers, competitors, family or friends) impair, or even  appear  to impair, your ability to  make objective and fair busi ness judgment for the Company.  In other wo rds, your  personal interests potentially collide with the best interests of Otsuka, making it difficult  for you to carry out job responsibilities impartially.  We have a duty to work for the  Company’s best interests and ensure that our personal interests do  not intrude upon our  responsibility to the Company.  Accordingly, we must seek to avoid not only situations

-  5  -  creating a personal conflict of interest but also those creating the appearance of one.  In  case of a possible conflict of interest, we encourage you  to seek immediate guidance from  the Legal / Compliance Department, which will determine what course of action is in the  best interests of the Company.  Bribery and Corruption  A bribe is any item of value or  advantage to influence action.  Giving a bribe  means  providing, promising t o provide or offering a bribe.  Taking a bribe means receiving,  promising to  receive or requesting a bribe.  Giving or taking a bribe could instantly  damage our business and reputation built through our collec tive dedication and h ard work.  It can also trigger civil and criminal charges resulting in penalties s uch as fines and  imprisonment.  We must avoid even creating the perception that the Company would give  a bribe to obtain or retain any business advantage.  Our company ’ s cross - border expansion has the potential to expose us  to increased legal  liability.  It is our duty, as a multinational enterprise, to follow the laws of the countries  where our employees, affiliates and alliances operate. As a global corporate citizen acting  wi th integrity, Otsuka condemns all fo rms of bribery and corruption.  We will not provide  payments, items of value or advantages to influence anyone improperly, be they in the  public or private sector, directly or indirectl y, locally or internationally.  Our l egal and  professional commitments include full compliance with applicable anti - bribery and  corruption laws regardless of where we operate.  Employee  H ealth  We believe in creating an environment that supports the mental and physical health of  each and  every employee as an essential pillar of our corporate philosophy. We encourage  our employees to use their capabilities and express their individuality both to enhance  their work environment and to maintain and improve their health.  Discrimination and Har assment  Employees reach their highest level of professional and personal success in a workplace  where all participants feel i ncluded, respected and valued.  We empower employees to  achieve their full potential through a fair, open and collegial work enviro nment, free from

-  6  -  all forms of discrimination and harassment 3 .  We strive to attract, retain and develop the best talent from a multitude of backgrounds  and experiences, reflecting the growing diversit y of the communities we serve.  All aspects  of our emplo yment practices ( e.g ., recruitment and hiring, work assignment, performance  evaluations, promotions, transfers) embody our commitment to fair employment practices.  To this end, we base all employment decisions on merit, qualifications and other job -  related  criteria, without regard to race, color, national origin, gender,  sexual orientation,  gender identity or gender expression ,  religion, citizenship, marital status, pregnancy,  disability, or any other basis protected by applicable laws. Encouraging respectf ul  interactions among ourselves, we act with courtesy and sensitivity toward one another ,  and  strictly prohibit, and will not tol erate, harassment of any kind.  Diversity and Inclusion  Our pioneering spirit provides a so lid foundation for who we are.  As a  company driven  by innovation, we actively pursue creative solutions through our diverse and dynamic  workforce sp arking out - of - the - box thinking.  Our employees bring to work their unique  cultures, backgrou nds, experiences and insights.  We strive for an incl usive culture,  embracing, celebrating, and integrating the  uniqueness of each individual.  In the  increasingly competitive global business community, the success of Otsuka requires  collaboration  across  various  functional  areas,  integration  of  different  skil ls  and  considera tion of multiple perspectives.  A homogeneous workplace can miss out on the  fresh ideas a diversity of perspectives c an bring into the organization.  Our dedicated team  with varied backgrounds enhances our ability, for instance, to develop pr oducts that  resonate with  consumers in diverse cultures.  Our continued global success derives from  our people ’ s creative minds and boundless energy.  3  Workplace harassment includes, but is not limited to, the use of words or actions that u nreasonably  interfere with one’s work or create an intimidating, hostile,  or offensive work environment.  It is  unwarranted and unwelcomed conduct based on race, gender,  sexual orientation, gender identity or gender  expression ,  religion, disability, or any  other characteristic or group protected by relevant law.

-  7  -  Fair Competition  We commit ourselves to fair and open competition on the merits  of our products and  services.  Accordingly, we abide by antitrust laws, which promote healthy competition on  a level playing field by preventing interference wit h a competitive market system.  The  laws  aim  to  protect  consumers  and  competitors  against  unfair  practices  such  as  agreements among competitors to fix prices, divide markets, allocate customers or limit  the qual ity or production of products.  At the core of antitrust enforcement lays the notion  that independent entities should make independent decisio ns about how to cond uct their  business activities.  An antitrust violation could trigger severe consequences such as  criminal penalties and imprisonment for the Company, employees, and management.  Environmental Protection  Our vision to be a world healthca re leader includes a commitment to lead the effor t in  environmental protection.  We all have the ability to make a difference in the local,  national and inter national communities we serve.  The responsibility to shape a cleaner,  healthier environm ent rests w ith each one of us.  Recognizing how our business impacts  the earth, we have embedded our ecological values and practices into all aspects of our  business.  We all need to familiarize ourselves with environmental pract ices applicable to our duties.  Going b eyond compliance with relevant laws and regulations, we also take a proactive  approach, encouraging and pursuing environmentally sou nd behavior in our daily work.  Every employee  is  personally responsible  for  mitigating  harmful  impacts  of  the  Company ’ s  oper ations on the environment.  As we aim to strengthen our presence in the  global marketplace, we continuously search for new and better ways to achieve  sustainable development.  Privacy and Confidentiality  We have a duty to safeguard the confidentiality of the information entrusted to us not only  by the Company but also by employees, contractors, suppliers, vendors, customers, and  others related to our business. Confidential or proprietary information obtain ed through  employment by the Company or through providing services to the Company must be held  in strict confidence and used only for legitimate business purposes. The obligation to

-  8  -  preserve confidential or proprietary information continues even after term ination of  employment or the end of any contractual agreement.  Confidential or proprietary information includes all information that is unavailable to the  general public and gives the company ce rtain competitive advantages.  We must protect  such informati on whether or not marked or otherwise designated as confidential, and  never disclose any confidential matters to unauthorized persons internally or externally,  including family members. Inadvertent disclosure of such information in casual or social  convers ations could be just as harmful to our business. Use caution when disposing of  documents with confidential or proprietary information.  We are equally responsible for respecting the confidentiality of other ’ s information. We  must not acquire confidential a nd proprietary information related to other companies  through improper means such as manipulation, misrepresentation, concealment, or breach  of any non - disclosure agreement.  We also respect the privacy and personal information of individuals. Our busines s  activities require us to use a variety of personal information, including that of employees,  customers, consumers, patients, clinical trial subjects  and healthcare professionals.  We  are committed to collecting, maintaining, securing, disclosing and using  their personal  information in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations and only for  legitimate business purposes.  Insider Trading  Otsuka is subject to various laws and regulations governing trading in its securitie s.  It is  illegal to buy o r sell securities ( e.g. , stocks, bonds, options, derivatives) of any public  company, using non - public material information 4  about the company.  This is called  “ insider trading ”  and illegal.  Because the information remains unavailable to other  investors, a p erson taking advantage of such information ultimately gains an unfair  advantag e over the rest of the market.  Insider trading can trigger extremely serious  consequences, ranging from internal disciplinary action to significant c ivil and criminal  liability.  4  Material information is information which typically has an important influence on an investment decision  of an investor.

-  9  -  Intellectual Property  Intended to reward the efforts of creators/inventors, intellectual property laws protect the  work and allow the creator to prevent unauthorized  use and misuse of their works.  Intellectual property includes inventions, designs,  images, symbols, literary and artistic  works and is protected by law through patents 5  , trademarks 6  , copyrights 7  , and trade  secrets 8 .  In the age of globalization, intellectual property rights are protected and enforced at the  m ultinational level.  Protecting  our intellectual property helps the Company maintain its  competitive e dge in the global marketplace.  We should limit access to our intellectual  property to appropriate individuals within the Company and to authorized third  parties.  We should report any su spected misuse of our intellectual property to the Legal  /Intellectual Property Department.  Equally important, we all have a duty to respect and protect the intellectual pro perty rights  of third parties.  Improper use of others ’  intellectual property may t rigger fines, lawsuits,  or criminal penalties for the Company and you.  Maintaining Books and Records  The proper management of books and records can directly i mpact our business operations.  We must create and maintain accurate company records through  compliance with proper  internal  controls  ( e.g.,  accounting)  and  record - keeping procedures.  Each  business  transaction, even if minor, must be reported accurat ely, honestly, and completely.  Each  one of us is individually responsible for understanding and pra cticing the reporting and  documentation requir ements applicable to our role.  5  A patent is a grant for a limited duration of an exclusive right to exclud e others from making, using,  importing, offering for  sale or selling an invention.  Inventions or discoveries that are entitled to patent  protection include any new and useful process, machine, manufacture or composition of matter.  6  A trademark is a protec ted character, figure, sign or  three - dimensional shape , or any combination thereof  that identifies and distinguishes the source of a good or service for the consumer.  7  A copyright is a form of protection granted for original works of authorship fixed in a  tangible medium  of expression, including literary, dramatic, musical, and artistic works such as poetry, novels, movies, songs,  computer software, and architecture.  8  A trade secret is information that is useful for business activities, is kept secret,  an d is not publicly known.  It can be a formula, pattern, compilation, program, device, method, technique, process,  etc .

-  10  -  We must ensure the accuracy of Company records, reflecting the true nature of the  business transactions  and activities being recorded.  Under no circumstances may you  falsify or ma nipulate our books and records.  Business Integrity  Our values of integrity and transparency guide us in all aspec ts of our business operations.  We uphold both the spirit and letter of applicable laws and regulations as well as industry  codes of ethics go verning rese arch, marketing and promotion.  We prevent unfair,  dece ptive or misleading practices.  To earn and maintain the trust of patients, consumers,  the community and society at large, we consistently conduct business wi th integrity and  transparency.  R eporting Concerns  At Otsuka, we foster and sustain a workplace culture that promotes o pen and honest  communication.  By providing reporting procedures and channels, we encourage each person to ask  questions or  express concerns.  When in doubt about the best  course of action, err on  the  side of seeking guidance.  You should initially con sult your immediate supervisor.  If yo ur  question  remains  unresolved,  we  encourage  you  to  contact  your  local  Legal/Compliance/Human Resources Department or any other subject mat ter experts.  We also urge you to report it immediately if you suspect or know of any violation of law,  this Code, or internal Co mpany policies and procedures.  We will promptly investigate the  matter and take  corrective action if necessary.  We pro hibit r etaliation of any kind.  As long as you are raising your concern in good faith,  we take all reasonable steps to ensure that you have a right to pursue your clai m without  fear of retaliation.  Employees who engage in retaliatory conduct will face disciplinary  actions.  Established on July 1, 2014  Revised on  May  1, 2017  Revised on December 1, 2017  Revised on  January  4 , 20 2 4


</Pharma_Japan_Otsuka Holdings Co._2023.pdf>