This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Pharma_Indonesia_Tempo Scan Pacific_2022.pdf>

PT TEMPO SCAN PACIFIC TBK  CODE OF CONDUCT

2  I.  INTRODUCTION  PT Tempo Scan Pacific Tbk ("Tempo Scan") and its subsidiaries are part of the  national  private  business  group  of  Tempo  Group,  which  started  trading  in  pharmaceutical products in 1953.  The Tempo Scan Code of Conduct applies to all  the  executives and employees  (“Tempo Scan Employees”) who represent Tempo Scan, irrespective of their position,  location, and ty pe of employment. This Code of Conduct is intended to be a guide for  Tempo Scan in its business operations.  II.  BUSINESS INTEGRITY  In running its business, Tempo Scan is committed to adhering and complying with  each law and regulation applicable to Tempo  Scan.  Tempo Scan believes that the business integrity planned by Tempo Scan will deliver  the results expected by Tempo Scan stakeholders.  The terms and conditions for proper conduct in business must be reassessed from time  to time and adjusted should the re be changes in the applicable laws and regulations or  the need to raise standards to remain competitive.  Tempo  Scan  provides  Tempo  Scan  employees  with  education,  coaching,  and  guidance as required from time to time in order to achieve the business  integrity  standards of Tempo Scan.  Ill.  ACCURATE REPORTING AND BOOK - KEEPING  Correct, honest, and accurate financial and non - financial information is the  foundation of Tempo Scan’s reputation.  All of the data produced, both financial and non - financial,  accurately reflect the  transactions  and  activities  performed.  Tempo  Scan  Employees  working  at  any  location must adhere to the prevailing regulations, book - keeping requirements, and  procedures of Tempo Scan for reporting transactions, finances, and other b usiness  information.  Tempo Scan Employees are prohibited from making false statements or data or  mislead in any report, record, or cost claim in relation to the responsibilities of such  Tempo Scan Employee.  Tempo Scan Employees are prohibited from provid ing certificates or reports in any  form to  any  person  unless they are explicitly  authori z ed  as such. Forgery of records  and  book - keeping  or forgery of facts comprises fraud.  In addition to responsibilities  to Tempo Scan, Tempo Scan Employees who are involved in illegal activities  a re  subject to heavy sanctions in accordance with the prevailing laws and regulations.

3  Tempo Scan Employees ar e expected to ensure that any financial or non - financial  information produced or reported is correct, reasonable, and complete.  IV.  TAXATION  Tempo Scan is committed to complying with the tax laws and regulations of the  Republic of Indonesia in relation to all types  of  tax  to which  Tempo Scan  is subject .  In the event of a tax dispute, Tempo Scan shall cooperate with the competent officials  with  a positive attitude to seek fair solutions consistent with the prevailing laws and  regulations.  V.  POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS  All political contributions that may be made by Tempo Scan must be as follows:  -  Lawful  according to the prevailing laws and regulations  -  Recorded correctly  in the financial statements of Tempo Scan  -  When required, reported to the public  As  individuals,  Tempo  Scan  Employees  are  entitled  to  participate  in  political  processes.  If they perform  political activities as individuals, as Tempo Scan Employees, they are  required to:  -  Do so in their personal time and use their  personal  resources.  -  Minimise the possibility of personal views and actions being misinterpreted as  those of Tempo Scan.  -  Ensure th at personal activities do not raise  a  conflict  with their duties and  responsibilities at Tempo Scan.  -  Inform the relevant Tempo Scan executives.  VI.  SAFETY, SECURITY, HEALTH, & ENVIRONMENT  Safety,  security,  health,  and  environmental  protection  is  part  of  the  integrated  operational  activities  of  Tempo  Scan.  As  such,  Tempo  Scan  undertakes  such  responsibilities with the same commitment that it operates its business.  The operational activities of Tempo Scan are performed in accordance with the  prevai ling laws and regulations on health, safety, security, and environment, along  with corporate standards and  good  practices.  Tempo Scan acts appropriately and practically to ensure that Tempo Scan provides a  safe, healthy, and clean working environment.  Te mpo Scan  endeavors  to make sustainable improvements in where possible and  economically feasible.

4  VII.  PERSONAL INTEGRITY  Given that the integrity of Tempo Scan as a company depends on the conduct of its  employees, Tempo Scan Employees are expected to:  -  Comply  with all prevailing laws and regulations as well as the high integrity  standards established by Tempo Scan.  -  Carefully assess, on a case - by - case basis, whether the conduct of a Tempo Scan  Employee meets the integrity standards and  expectations  of  the Tempo  Scan  business.  -  Exhibit  integrity  and  responsibility  in  performing  their  duties  and  responsibilities as well as help maintain the  good  reputation of Tempo Scan.  Each Tempo Scan Employee contributes to the integrity of the company with their  conduct. Deviat ions in Tempo Scan Employee conduct may negatively affect Tempo  Scan.  If a Tempo Scan Employee is unsure of the proper conduct, such a Tempo Scan  Employee must discuss this with their super ior to obtain the best guidance.  VIII.  CONFLICT OF INTEREST  Avoid  personal interests that may result in a conflict of interest with the  interests of the company.  Tempo Scan Employees must avoid situations in which their personal interests are  contrary, or may become contrary, to the  interests  of Tempo Scan, causing a co nflict.  Tempo Scan Employees are prohibited from  utili z ing  their position at Tempo Scan  for personal interests, family and/or  peers  because such activities of family and/or  peers  may cause a conflict of interest with the interests of Tempo Scan. In order to  avoid  such  situations,  Tempo  Scan  Employees  and/or  potential  Tempo  Scan  Employees with direct or indirect family relationships must inform the relevant  executives to seek the a ppropriate solutions.  IX.  GIFTS AND HOSPITALITY  Offering or accepting gifts or hospitality may occasionally create the perception of an  unfair advantage.  Tempo Scan Employees are not permitted to provide or accept gifts or hospitality that  may affect  their personal integrity or the integrity and impartiality of Tempo Scan.  In order to avoid the existence and perception of improper relationships with business  partners, or parties that will become business partners, Tempo Scan Employees must  comply with  the principles as follows:

5  -  Gifts or hospitality may only be provided if appropriate and if there is no  possibility of creating the perception that it may affect the decisions of the  receiver.  -  Gifts must be of minimal value and hospitality may not exceed  what is  appropriate. Expenditures for gifts or hospitality that are lavish or improper are  prohibited.  -  P rohibited from requesting  gifts  in any form, whether in the  form  of goods, or  any type of benefit.  -  Gifts or hospitality that are  provided may only be received if their value is not  excessive or may be  received  as  common  business practice.  -  Hospitality may only be offered if it is  common  business practice, is not  considered lavish, and takes place in an appropriate location.  Tempo S can Employees are expected to:  -  Ensure that the giving and receiving of a gift or hospitality does not affect the  personal integrity or the integrity and impartiality of Tempo Scan.  -  Never request gifts or hospitality from the business partners of Tempo Scan  or  potential business partners of Tempo Scan.  -  Directly contact their superior if there is uncertainty regarding such gifts or  hospitality to obtain the best guidance.  X.  BRIBES AND CORRUPTION  Tempo Scan does not condone any type of corruption, such as bribery (public,  private, active, and passive), theft, embezzlement, and providing  an  unfair  advantage.  Tempo Scan Employees are not allowed to provide, promise to  provide , request, or  accept impr oper benefits, whether directly or indirectly, to or from an individual or  institution/  organiz ation  with the intent of obtaining business benefits.  Improper benefits include  unauthori z ed  rebates, bribes, rewards, and under - the - table  payments.  Improper  benefits may take the form of anything with value, including but not limited  to funds, food, gifts, hospitality, facilities, travel costs, or false agreements.  XI.  WHISTLEBLO WER POLICY  If any violation of this Code of Conduct by Tempo Scan Employees is known, please  notify the Human Resources Department, the relevant Directors and email the Tempo  Scan Corporate Secretary at corporate.secretary@thetempogroup.com .


</Pharma_Indonesia_Tempo Scan Pacific_2022.pdf>