This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Pharma_Korea_Celltrion_2024.pdf>

1  /  12  Code of Ethical Conduct  Regulation EM 3 00 3 ,  Oct .  1 ,  2007  Amended by Regulation EM 3 00 3 ,  Sep .  2 , 20 19  Amended by Regulation EM 3 00 3 ,  Jan .  24 , 20 22  Amended by Regulation EM 3 00 3 ,  Nov .  9 , 20 22  Amended by Regulation EM 3 00 3 ,  Dec .  28 , 20 23  Amended by Regulation EM 3 00 3 ,  Jul .  1 , 20 24  Chapter 1: General Provisions  Article 1 ( Purpose )  The purpose of this Code of Ethical Conduct ("Code") is to establish standards for the implementation of the  Company ’s Code of Ethics in order to prevent corruption and foster a transparent work environment at Celltrion,  including its headquarters, subsidiaries, and domestic and overseas investee companies under its managerial control  (collectively, the " Company ")  and to establish  standards  of conduct  that all officers and  O fficers  and  E mployees  shall follow .  Article 2 ( Designation and Role of Code of Conduct Officers )  Each  business  division  shall  designate  one  Code  of  Conduct  Officer  from  among  those  who  possess  both  professional competence and moral integrity, in order to ensure the transparent and effective implementation of  this Code. The person with overall responsi bility for the Code shall be the Compliance Officer.  Article 3 (Supporting Materials)  To enhance awareness of this Code among  officers ,  employees ,  and stakeholders, the  Company  may prepare and  distribute the following educational, promotional, and policy materials through its website or other channels:  1.  Annex 1: Code of Ethical Conduct for  Officers and  E mployees  ( “ CoC ” )  –  for external disclosure  2.  Annex 2: Guidelines on the Acceptance of Gifts and  B enefits  3.  Annex 3: Ethics and Compliance Policy Handbook (e.g.,  Guidelines on the Acceptance of Gifts and Benefits  Handbook )  Article 4 (Definitions)  The  capitalized  terms used in this  C ode have the following  de fi nitions :  1.  “ Officers  and  E mployees ”  mean s  to individuals  who fall  under any of the following categories:  a.  E mployees : Individuals employed under the  Company ’s Rules of Employment  b.  Officers : Individuals not classified as workers under the Labor Standards Act, including registered and non -  registered executives and other executive - level personnel  2.  “Stakeholders”  means  individuals or entities whose rights or interests may be affected by the conduct or decisions  of  O fficers  and  E mployees  in relation to their  work . This includes , but is not limited to:  a. Public  O fficials , etc.:  public officials or  public functionaries  engaged  in public duties  as  defined under the Improper

2  /  12  Solicitation and Graft Act  b. Medical  P rofessionals, etc.:  Physicians, nurses, pharmacists, founders ,  office rs, or  employees  of medical institutions,  and other healthcare professionals as defined under the Medical Services Act, the Pharmaceutical Affairs Act, and  the Fair Competition Code;  c. Foreign  P ublic  O fficials: Legislative, administrative, and judicial officials of foreign governments, individuals  performing public functions for foreign entities, and officials of international organizations as defined by the Act  on  Combating Bribery  of Foreign Public Officials in International Business  Transactions  d. Business  P artners, etc.:  contractors, suppliers, and other business partners involved in research, development,  production, logistics, or sales, and any individual, legal entity, or orga nization whose rights or interests may be  affected by the acts or decisions of an officer or employee in the course of performing duties;  e.  Related  O fficers  and  E mployees  :  o ther  third  party  O fficers  and  E mployees  who,  in  connection  with  the  performance of  work , may directly benefit or suffer disadvantage, or who are in a position to exert significant  influence over such outcomes.  3.  “Gifts and  B enefits ” include, but are not limited to:  a.  Any form of property - related benefit, including cash, securities, real estate, goods, accommodation vouchers,  membership rights, admission tickets, discount coupons, invitations, event passes, or the right to use real estate;  b.  Hospitality, such as the provision of meals, alcoholic beverages, golf outings, entertainment, transportation, or  lodging;  c.  Any other tangible or intangible financial benefit, including but not limited to debt forgiveness, employment  offers, or the granting of business interest s.  4.  “Receipt or provision of gifts and benefits”  means  the act of offering, promising, or expressing intent to offer  gifts and benefits to stakeholders, as well as receiving, requesting, or promising such items from stakeholders.  5.  “Material non - public information”  means  non - public  information related to the  Company ’s business operations,  financial  condition , or any other matters that  could affect an  investor ’s  decision - making.  6.  Terms not otherwise defined  here  shall be interpreted in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.  Article 5 (Scope of Application)  This Code applies to the  Company  and all of its  O fficers and  E mployees, including dispatched workers employed  under labor contracts. The  Company  shall also promote awareness and encourage adherence to this Code among  its business partners,  suppliers an d  contractors.  Article 6 (Obligation of Compliance and Responsibility)  All  O fficers and  E mployees shall be familiar with and comply with this Code, and shall be held accountable for any  violations thereof.  Article 7 ( Pledge  of Compliance)  All  O fficers and  E mployees  shall  submit the following  agreements  that they shall  comply with  to their designated  administrative personnel :  1.  Upon joining the  Company  : Pledge to Comply  with the Code of Ethical Conduct of Celltrion, Inc.” [Appendix 1]  2.  Upon  joining  the  Company  “Confidentiality Agreement between Celltrion, Inc. and  Officer and  Employee”  [Appendix 2]  3.  Annually: “Annual Compliance  Pledge  of Celltrion, Inc.  Officers and  E mployees ” [Appendix 3]  4.  Annually: “Compliance  Pledge to  Regulations on Securities Transaction for Officers and Employees of Celltrion,

3  /  12  Inc.”  [Appendix  4]  5.  Prior to resignation: “Confidentiality and Non - Disclosure Agreement” [Appendix 5]  Chapter 2:  Fair Job Performance, Etc .  Article 8 ( Prohibition of Instructions that  Hinder Fair Work  Performance )  ①  Officers  and  E mployees  shall  not  give  instruct ions  to  subordinates  that  significantly  undermines  the  fair  performance of  work by  violat ing  any law or regulation for the benefit of themselves or others.  ②  An employee who receives an instruction from a superior  that violate the fair performance of work  shall not  follow  such instruction . The employee shall report the matter to the  Company  in accordance with the internal  reporting  system  and may  receive separate  instructions from the  Company .  ③  No officer or employee shall be subject to any form of discrimination or disadvantage for refusing to follow an  instruction  as specified in Paragraph 2.  Article 9 (Prohibition of Conflicts of Interest)  ① In performing their  work ,  O fficers and  E mployees  s hall  prioritize  the  Company’ s  interest  over  their personal  interests .  ②  If a stakeholder  related to  an officer or employee’s  work  falls under any of the categories listed below, the officer  or employee shall report the situation to their team leader or the Code of Conduct Officer and seek instructions  on whether to  refrain from such work  in question  and take action accordingly .  However, if the CEO determines that  the performance of  work  will not be impaired,  the officers or employees do not need to report the situation to  the ir team leader or the Code of Conduct Officer pursuant to Paragraph 2 ,  regardless of whether the stakeholder  falls under any of the categories listed below:  1.  The employee  him/ hersel f  2.  A relative (as defined in Article 777 of the Civil Act of Korea)  3.  A corporation or organization where the  of ficer or  employee  was employed  within the past two  (2)  years  4.  An individual with whom the  officer or  employee has conducted financial transactions exceeding KRW 3 million  5.  A corporation or organization ,  in which the  o fficer or  employee  himself/herself  or a family member (as defined  in Article 779 of the Civil Act) is currently employed  6.  A corporation or organization for which the  officer or  employee ’s  family member serves as an agent, advisor,  or consultant  7.  A corporation or organization in which the  officer,  employee ,  or  their  a family member holds a significant  ownership interest:  a.  w here  the total  number of  shares held  by the officer, employee, or its family member  represent s  thirty percent  ( 30% )  or more  of the total issued shares or equity interest.  b.  w here  the combined capital contribution of the  officer,  employee ,  or  its  family member represents  fifty percent  ( 50% )  or more of the total capital  8.  A  ret ire d  Company  officer or  employee who worked in the same department within five  (5)  years prior to  retirement  9.  Individuals with whom the  officer or  employee has a close personal relationship — such as  those based on  school  affiliation,  personal  relationships ,  religio n ,  shared  employment  history ,  or  past  employment  at  the  same  organization — that  may  reasonably  be deemed to  impair  the fair  performanc e of  work  10.  A mong  those  who, within the past two  (2)  years, have  directly benefited from  performing work  –  such as

4  /  12  obtaining permits or  licens es ,  executing  contract s , or policymaking  –  individuals who  maintain an ongoing personal  relationship  are the ones t hat  are judged to have  difficult y in working fairly  11.  Any other person reasonably deemed to have a relationship  similar  to the one above, which may  likely impair  fair and impartial  work  performance  ③  If it is unclear whether a situation falls under any of the categories set forth in Paragraph 2, the officer or  employee must consult with their team leader or the Code of Conduct Officer.  ④  Notwithstanding Paragraph 2, if an officer or employee must handle matters related to the interests of any  person listed therein while performing their  work , they shall not act in a manner that compromises  Company ’ s  interests  for the benefit of such person.  Article 10 (Exclusion of  Preferential Treatment )  Officers and  E mployees shall not grant favors or discriminate against any individual in the course of performing  their  work  based on  personal  relationship , blood ties,  school affiliation, \  religio n, etc .  Article 11 (Transparent Account s  Management )  Officers and  E mployees  shall record and manage accounting matters accurately and transparently based on facts,  in compliance with applicable laws and generally accepted accounting principles.  Article 12 (Prohibition of Solicitation)  ①  Officers and  E mployees  shall not attempt to unduly influence personnel  affairs — such as their own promotion,  transfer, or a ssignment — by making direct or indirect solicitations to individuals responsible for or capable of  influencing personnel decisions.  ②  Officers and  E mployees  shall not misuse their position s  to  unfairly  interfere in the personnel decisions concerning  other  O fficers and  E mployees , including matters of promotion, transfer, or assignment.  Chapter 3:  Integrity in Job Performance, Etc.  Article 13 (Fair ContractExecution  and Performance )  ①  Officers and  E mployees shall perform all tasks related to construction, services, and the procurement of goods ,  such as  bidding, contracting, and execution  in a fair and transparent manner, in accordance with the Monopoly  Regulation and Fair Trade Act, the Fair Transactions in Subcontracting Act, and the  Company ’s internal regulations.  They shall not engage in any conduct that may impair fair competition.  ②  While  carrying out the  work  in  accordance with  Paragraph 1  of Article 13,  O fficers and  E mployees shall not  violate any procedures prescribed by applicable laws or internal regulations  and shall not  abuse their superior  position in transactions to impose unfair terms or make improper demands.  ③  Officers and  E mployees  shall not solicit or accept  undue  benefits from counterparties in connection with their  work .  Article 14 (Prohibition of Influence for Private Gain)  ①  Officers and  E mployees  shall not use their position s  or authority to gain undue benefits or to enable others to  obtain  such benefits.  ②  Officers and  E mployees shall not use the  Company ’s name or their title s , or cause others to do so, outside the  scope of their  work  for the purpose of securing  undue  benefits for themselves or third parties.

5  /  12  Article 15 (Prohibition of Improper Solicitation or  B rokerage  I ntervention )  ①  Officers and  E mployees shall not engage in any solicitation or brokerage that interferes with  other  O fficers and  E mployee s ’ fair performance of  work  for the  purpose of obtaining  undue  benefit s  f or  themselves or others.  ②  O fficers and  E mployees shall not refer stakeholder s  to other  stakeholders  for the purpose of obtaining  undue  benefits for themselves or others  in relation to the  performance  of their work .  ③  Officers and  E mployees  shall not make improper solicitations to stakeholders either directly or through third  parties.  Article 16 (Prohibition  o f  Receiving or Giving Gifts and Benefits)  ①  R egardless of whether it is related to  their work  or  whether it is for the purpose  of donation, sponsorship, or  gift ,  O fficers and  E mployees shall not accept or provide any gifts and benefits from or to stakeholders.  ② The  following types of gifts or benefits are not considered prohibited under Paragraph  1:  1.  f ood , congratulatory ,  or condolence payments and gifts given for social or customary  reasons  2.  d onations or sponsorships for charitable or public interest purposes, provided  that  they are  fairly  conducted in  accordance with  the  internal standards and procedures;  and the  political donations or sponsorships are  strictly  prohibited  3.  renumeration  for external lectures or  similar engagements  4.  g ifts  or benefits provided by the  Company  or a  senior executive  for purposes such as consolation, encouragement,  or reward s  5.  g ifts  and benefits provided under legitimate  g rounds such as debt repayment  6.  g ifts  or benefits provided by relatives  7.  g ifts or benefits based on the standards of an organization or long - term  and continuous  personal relationships  8.  I tems customarily and uniformly provided during official events related to  work  9.  s ouvenirs , promotional items, or prizes received through  c ontest s  or raffles  10.  e conomic  benefits provided to medical professionals within the scope  set forth in  the Pharmaceutical Affairs  Act or other relevant regulations  11.  a ny  other gifts or benefits permitted under applicable laws, internal policies,  and/ or  social  conventions.  ③ Additional details regarding the prohibition of receiving or offering gifts and benefits shall be  specified  in  the  Guidelines on the Acceptance of Gifts and  B enefits .  Article 17 (Reporting and Handling of Prohibited Gifts and Benefits)  ①  Officers and  E mployees  shall  comply with this Code and the Guidelines on the Acceptance of Gifts and  Benefit s  when receiving or offering  any  gifts or benefits. If  it  is  unclear  whether  a particular gift or benefit  is prohibited, the  employee must seek prior guidance from the  C ompliance  D epartment .  ② In any of the following cases  below ,  O fficers and  E mployees  shall  immediately report the matter to the  department  in charge of the  internal reporting  system  in accordance with Article  40 , Paragraph 1 :  1.  A n officer or  an  employee  receives  or  gives  prohibited gifts or benefits  and  receives a promise  or indication of  such  as  an exchange.  2.  An  officer or  an  employee becomes aware that  his/her  spouse or direct ascendants  or  descendants have received  or  given  prohibited gifts or benefits  and  have received  a promise  or indication o r  such  as  an exchange.  ③  In any of the cases  listed in Paragraph 2 of Article 17 applies , the officer s  or employee s  shall  promptly  return  the gifts and benefits received, ensure that they are returned, or clearly express a refusal to accept them to the

6  /  12  offering party.  Article 18 (Prohibition  o f  Personal Use  and  Profit from  Company  Assets)  ①  Officers and  E mployees shall use  the  Company ’ s  assets solely for business activities and authorized purposes.  ②  Officers and  E mployees shall not  cause financial loss to the Company through  their  misuse of  C o mpany ’ s budget  for purposes unrelated to their assigned  work  or .  Article 19 (Prohibition  o f  Disclosure or Use of  Non - Public  Material Information , etc. )  ①  Officers and  E mployees shall not disclose the Company’s  non - public  material information to any external party  outside the Company  prior to its release through lawful procedures.  ②  Officers and  E mployees  shall not  use the  Company ’ s  non - public  material  information to  engage in  financial  transactions or investments  related to stocks, real estate, etc.,  or  assist others in doing so by providing such  information.  ③  Officers and  E mployees who trade the shares of another company  related to  their  work  shall notify the Code of  Conduct Officer  prior to the transaction . If the  O fficers and  E mployees  completed the transaction  prior to th e  advance notice ,  the  O fficers and  E mployees shall notify the Code of Conduct Officer  within two  (2)  weeks from the  date of the transaction.  ④  In accordance with Paragraph 3 of Article 19, u pon receiving  a  notification,  if it is determined that the  transaction  that the  O fficers and  E mployees intend to conduct  may have involved the use of material non - public information  acquired in the course of the  O fficers and  E mployees ’  duties,  in violation of the Financial Investment Services and  Capital Markets Act or  other applicable laws  or  if  the transaction  significantly conflicts with  the  Company’ s  interests ,  the Code  of Conduct Officer  may take appropr iate  measures,  such as recommending  the  O fficers and  E mployees  to  refrain from buying or selling  the  securities .  ⑤  In the event where  the Code of Conduct Officer  takes measures such as recommending against the sale or  purchase of the Company ’ s securities, etc., in accordance with  Paragraph 4 , the  O fficers and  E mployees  shall  promptly comply with  such  recommendation fby  selling  the  relevant securities  or refraining from the  transaction .  Article 20 (Prohibition  of  Short - Term  Investment  and Short Selling  by  Insider )  ①  Officers and  E mployees who have access to  non - public  material information  of  the  Company  in the course of  their duties  pursuant to  Article 172 , Paragraph  1 of the Financial Investment Services and Capital Markets Act, shall  not engage in short - term trading  (i.e., buying and selling  company stocks, etc.,  within six  (6)  months  after purchase,  or trading that generates  a  profit  by  purchasing  within six (6) after the sale )  of  the  Company ’ s  securities.  ②  Officers and  E mployees shall not short  sell any  Company  securities that they do not own.  Chapter 4:  Creating  a Sound Workplace Culture  Article 21 (Mutual Respect Among  Officers and  E mployees )  ①  Officers and  E mployees  shall always treat one another with respect and consideration. Acts that infringe on the  basic human rights of others — such as abusive language, verbal or physical threats, violence, or other conduct that  causes discomfort — are strictly prohibited.  ②  Officers and  E mployees  are expected to lead in maintaining  a healthy lifestyle ,  such as  refraining from excessive  drinking.  ③  Officers and  E mployees  shall not discriminate against  each  other on the basis of race,  skin  color, nationality,

7  /  12  gender, age, educational background, religion, place of origin, physical or mental disability, political  views , illness,  marital status, pregnancy  status , military service, or any other characteristic protected by law.  Article 22 (Prohibition of Sexual Harassment)  Officers and  E mployees  shall  not, whether explicitly or implicitly, engage in  any form of  sexual harassment  or sexual  violence , or  in  any  behavior  that  may  cause sexual humiliation  or discomfort , including but not limited to the  following:  1.  t ouching  or making physical contact with specific parts of the body  2.  m aking  obscene jokes or vulgar and sexually suggestive remarks  3.  m aking  sexual comments or evaluations about  the other  person’s appearance  4.  d isplaying  or sharing obscene photos, images, or materials  5.  c oercing  others to serve alcohol or dance at social gatherings  6.  a ny  other act that, based on social norms, may cause sexual discomfort or shame  Article 23 ( Ideal  Traits of Officers and Employees )  ①  Officers and  E mployees  are expected to generate new ideas and solve problems through creative thinking and  new perspectives  to approach issues.  ②  Officers and  E mployees  must prioritize the value of life and adhere to principles with a strong sense of  accountability.  ③  Officers and  E mployees shall carry out their  work  with a spirit of challenge, unafraid of change  and  failure.  ④  Officers and  E mployees shall compete in the global market with passion in pursuit of the Company’s vision.  Article 24 (Prohibition of Financial Dealings)  ①  Officers and  E mployees  shall  not engage in financial transactions,  brokerage , or debt guarantees with customers.  ②  Officers and  E mployees  shall  also refrain from excessive financial transactions or debt guarantees with  each  other.  Chapter 5: Ethics Toward s  Customers  Article 25 (Product Quality Assurance)  ① Officers and  E mployees shall make their utmost effort to ensure high quality and reliability so that the Company  can deliver  the best  products and services.  ②  Officers and  E mployees  shall  manage and supervise  all raw materials and products delivered  by the  suppliers  to  the Company  to maintain appropriate quality standards.  ③  Officers and  E mployees  shall  manage  third parties distributing the  Company ’s products and services  to  maintain  adequate quality standards.  ④  If officers or  E mployees become aware that the quality of the Company’s products or services has declined or is  likely to decline during  the  sourcing, production, or distribution  of the products , they shall report the matter to  their supervisor to ensure prompt action could be taken.  ⑤  Officers and  E mployees  shall  be familiar with and comply with the  Company ’s pharmacovigilance system and  related reporting procedures.  Article 26 (Personal Information Protection)  ①  Officers and  E mployees shall be familiar with and comply with the Company’s personal information protection

8  /  12  policies.  ②  If officers or  E mployees become aware of any authorized collection, retention, leakage ,  or any attempt  of  processing  personal information  thereof ,  they  shall  promptly  notify  the matter to their supervisor, the Per sonal  Information Protection Team,  and  the Compliance Department.  Article 27 (Clinical and Research Ethics)  ①  Before commencing any clinical trial  on a  Company’s product,  O fficers and  E mployees  shall  fully explain the  purpose, nature, and potential risks of the  clinical  trial to the participants.  ②  When  conducting clinical trials,  O fficers and  E mployees  shall  give the highest  priorit y to the  safety  of the  participant s  and  prevent unnecessary risks  by  comply ing  with  protocols and procedures  that meet  international  standards .  Article 28 (Ethical Marketing)  ①  I n principle,  O fficers and  E mployees shall not provide gifts and benefits to  medical  professionals, patients ,  or  patient  associations , or government officials in connection with product promotion  and  sales.  However, in cases  where any of the items  listed in Article 15(2) of this Code or  in cases where fair and ethical interactions are  explicitly  permitted by law , those gifts and benefits may be received as an e xception.  ②  Officers and  E mployees shall provide a ny hospitality offered in connection with  events or service contracts  hosted  or sponsored  by the  Company  only  to the extent permitted  by  local laws, regulations,  standards,  and customary  practices .  ③  Officers and  E mployees shall  be familiar with and  comply with  Company and country - specific  marketing - related  regulations , and if there are a ny uncertainty  about related laws and regulations,  O fficers and  E mployees  must  consult  with the Compliance Department.  ④  Officers  and  E mployees  shall  not  engage  in  any  actions  that  may  undermine  independence  of  medical  professionals and patient associations , such as  exercising  undue  influence  in exchange for support to medical  professionals  and  patient  associations .  ⑤ All interactions with  medical  professionals and patient associations  shall  be appropriately documented and  transparently disclosed.  ⑥  Officers and  E mployees shall not  engage in promotional activities for  unapproved  medicines, and  e ven  if it is  scientific  information  exchange without  the intent to  promot e , appropriate scientific evidence must be presented  to avoid any potential misunderstanding.  ⑦  Officers and  E mployees shall  manage the content of all Company promotional materials or data to  ensure that  all promotional materials and content  are  up - to - date and accurate.  Officers and  E mployees shall ensure that w hen  the Company promotional materials or data  are  used for product promotion or sales  activities , such materials  are  written  and used in compliance  with applicable laws and industry standards  supported by scientific evidence .  Chapter 6: Ethics Toward s  Shareholders and Investors  Article 29 (Protection of Shareholder and Investor Rights)  ①  Officers and  E mployees shall maintain sound management and  protect  the  interests  of  shareholder s  and investor s  for a long - term  in a stable manner  through  cost  reduction  and productivity improvements.  ②  Officers and  E mployees shall strive to ensure that the Company’s corporate value is fairly reflected in  the  stock  price  through  active  corporate  promotion  and  investor  relations  ( “ IR ” ) ,  and  guarantee  the  full  exercis e  of

9  /  12  shareholders ’  legitimate rights.  Article 30 (Media  Response )  ①  E xcept in cases specified under the Company’s official policies ,  O fficers and  E mployees  shall  not provide  Company  information to the general public , analysts, or media personnel.  ② If  officer s  and/ or  employee s  intend to  post  Company  information  through  mass media — regardless of  the  format — or through interviews or events/forums attended by media personnel, they  shall  notify the public relations  ( “ PR ” ) department in advance.  ③ If  officers and/or employees  intend to provide  Company  information at events or forums attended by analysts,  they  shall  notify the investor relations ( “ IR ” ) department in advance.  ④ If a non - official participant inquires about  Company  information  at  a n  event  or  activity  hosted or sponsored by  the Company , the  officer s  and /or  employee s  shall  notify  both  the PR and IR departments.  ⑤  Officers and  E mployees  must exercise sound judgment and common sense when using social media, considering  its potential impact.  ⑥ Even when  such  external communication is approved by the  Company ,  O fficers and  E mployees  should refrain  from expressing personal views that deviate from the  Company ’s official  position .  If personal opinions must be  conveyed , it should be explicitly stated that such views are personal and do not represent the official position of  the  Company .  ⑦ All marketing activities  through  social media  sponsored by  the  Company  shall  comply with applicable laws and  guidelines and  shall undergo  prior review by the  C ompliance  D epartment.  Chapter 7: Ethics Toward s  Officers and  E mployees  Article 31 (Prohibition of Discrimination and Harassment  in the  Workplace )  ①  When hiring and evaluating the  O fficers and  E mployees, t he  Company  shall not  discriminate  based on race,  skin  color, nationality, gender, educational background, age, religion, physical or mental disability, illness, place of origin,  political  views , marital status, pregnancy  status , military service, or any other  personal  characteristic s  protected  by  law .  ② The  Company  shall establish and implement policies to prevent workplace discrimination and harassment and  to respond appropriately when such incidents occur.  Article 32 (Guarantee of Learning Opportunities)  The Company shall support  O fficers and  E mployees ’  self - development  activities related to  their job s  and provide  necessary learning opportunities.  Article 33 (Establishment of a Safe Working Environment)  ①  The  Company  shall establish policies and procedures related to  the  work  environment,  including  employment,  safety, health, and security, and  O fficers and  E mployees  shall be familiar with  and comply with them.  ②  Officers and  E mployees  shall  identify and manage risks related to their duties and report any safety concerns —  such as accidents or regulatory violations — to their department head or the safety management department.  ③ The  Company  shall promptly i nspect  and take corrective action regarding any issues reported  pursuant to  Paragraph 2.

10  /  12  Chapter 8: Ethics Toward s  the Nation and Society  Article 34 (Pursuit of Social Value)  Officers and  E mployees shall comply with applicable laws  and regulations , respect the values of the nation and  society, contribute to national development by  creating social wealth and improving the quality of life for the public  through  lawful and  legitimate corporate  activities  , and fulfil  their  social roles and responsibilities .  Article 35 ( Ethic s  and Compliance Management)  ①  Officers and  E mployees shall be familiar with the  Company ’ s internal regulations, such as,  Company’s Charter of  Ethics, Code of Ethics, Code of Ethical Conduct, and internal compliance standards, and shall  comply with various  regulations  and restrictions  stipulated in each Company regulation .  ② If  O fficers and  E mployees  become s  aware of any violations of this Code or applicable laws, they  shall  report the  matter in accordance with the  Company ’s internal reporting  system operation regulations and  shall  not participate  in or  cooperate  with such violations.  Article 36 (Political Neutrality)  The Company shall not support any particular political party or candidate, nor shall it require officers or employees  to express support  or endorse  any  specific  party or candidate.  Article 37 (Environmental Management)  ①  Officers and  E mployees  shall  comply with all environmental laws and standards, strive to protect the living  environment of local  communit y , and actively contribute to  prevent  climate change and the reduc e  greenhouse  gas emissions.  ② The  Company  shall  actively  fulfill its  environmental  responsibilit ies  to minimize negative environmental impacts  across all areas of the supply chain.  Article 38 (Human Rights Management)  ① The  Company  shall  strive  to protect the human rights of stakeholders throughout all areas of  its  supply chain.  ②  The Company shall comply with international human rights standards to protect the  human  rights of various  stakeholders — including  O fficers,  E mployees,  partners/suppliers,  a and  consumers — and  may  establish  and  implement human rights polic y  reflecting such standards.  Article 39 (Prohibition  of  Money Laundering)  ①  Officers and  E mployees  shall  ensure that neither the  Company  nor themselves are used in any process  of  laundering funds derived from criminal or other illegal activities.  ②  Officers and  E mployees  shall  not, directly or indirectly, engage in  any act of  money laundering through improper  or  illegal  conduct  in the course of business operations .  Chapter 9: Measures in the Event of Violations  Article 40 (Reporting of Violations)  ① If a stakeholder becomes aware of a violation of this Code by an employee, they may report the  matter  either  anonymously or under their real name  to the  internal reporting  department through the  Company ’ s internal

11  /  12  reporting  system .  In this case, the r eport may be submitted using one of the following methods:  1.  v ia the electronic reporting system ( Company  website or  G roupware ) ;  2.  v ia  mail (Address: Internal Reporting Administrator, Celltrion, Inc., 23, Academy - ro, Yeonsu - gu, Incheon 22014,  Republic of Korea) ; or  3.  v ia  email (Whistleblowing@celltrion.com) .  ②  The department in charge of the internal reporting system shall, u pon recei pt of  a report  pursuant  to  Paragraph  1,  promptly verify the facts and  commence  an investigation.  However, the case may be closed without further  investigation under any of the following circumstances .  1.  t he  contents of the  report  do  not fall within the scope of violations or the violation is too minor to warrant  further action ;  2.  t he  report  is ambiguous  and  the  evidence is insufficient to verify the facts ;  3.  t he  new report is  re - submitted without a justifiable reason when the  same matter has already been reported and  processed, and the  results of the  processing  have been notified ; and  4.  a  government agency or regulatory authority has already commenced or completed an investigation on the same  matter .  ③  The department in charge of the internal reporting system  may conduct the investigation directly or  request an  investigation by an  external professionals such as attorneys ,  accountants , or others experts t o confirm the facts of  the  report  pursuant to  Paragraph 1.  Article 41 (Protection of Whistleblowers)  ① The  Company  shall ensure the confidentiality of the identity of whistleblowers and the contents of their reports,  in accordance with  the applicable laws  and take appropriate measures to protect whistleblowers from  any  retaliation  or disadvantage.  ② Any individual who discriminates against or otherwise disadvantages a whistleblower as a result of  such  a report  made pursuant to Paragraph 1  shall be subject to disciplinary action.  ③ A whistleblower who  suffers  disadvantage  as  described  in  Paragraph 2  may request protective or remedial  measures from the CEO , who shall  promptly investigate the  matter  and take appropriate action  as necessary .  Article 42 (Authority to Prevent and  Confirm  Violations)  Within the limits permitted by applicable laws, the Company has the authority to inspect all items and records  stored within the Company — including employees and officers’ emails, internet usage, and computer files — to  identify and prevent inappropriate  , identify and prevent in appropriate  use of assets or resources,  record status,  etc.,  and  confirm  violations of laws, this Code, or other Company policies.  ADDENDUM ( Octo ber  1 , 20 07 )  This regulation shall be enacted and enforced on  October  1 , 20 07 .  ADDENDUM (September 2, 2019)  This regulation shall be enacted and enforced on September 2, 2019.  ADDENDUM (January 24, 2022)  This regulation shall be enacted and enforced on January 24, 2022.

12  /  12  ADDENDUM (November 9, 2022)  This regulation shall be enacted and enforced on November 9, 2022.  ADDENDUM ( Dec ember  28 , 20 23 )  This regulation shall be enacted and enforced on  Dec ember  28 , 20 23 .  ADDENDUM ( July  1 , 20 24 )  This regulation shall be enacted and enforced on  July  1 , 20 24 .  이  영문  사규  번역본은  사규  윤리 행동강령 (202 4 . 07 . 01 .  시행 ) 를  사규관리규정  제 19 조 ( 번역형식 )  및  법제처  『법령  영문번역  기준』에  따라  번역한  것으로  이용자의  편의를  위하여  참고용으로  제공하는  자료이며  사규로서  효력은  부여되지  아니한다 .


</Pharma_Korea_Celltrion_2024.pdf>