This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Real estate_Indonesia_Ciputra_2018.pdf>

CODE OF CONDUCT  2018

1  Table of Contents  Table of Contents  1  FOREWORD  3  CHAPTER 1  CODE OF CONDUCT  4  Article 1  Background and Objectives of the Code of Conduct  4  Article 2  Stakeholders  5  Article 3  Conduct of Management and Employees  5  1.  Company Performance & Quality  5  2.  Diversity and Inclusivity (including Mutual Respect)  6  3.  Disgraceful Conducts (including Workplace Violence, Alcohol and Drugs)  7  4.  Smoking in the Workplace  7  5.  Information and Communication  7  a.  Company Information and Public Communication  7  b.  Confidential Information (including Insider Information)  8  6.  Conflict of Interests  9  a.  Personal Business and Moonlighting  9  b.  Family Relationships  10  c.  Use of Company Assets  10  d.  Accepting Gifts, Entertainment and Bribery/Kick Back  10  e.  Lending and/or Borrowing Money  12  7.  Electronic Devices and Computer Technologies Usage  12  Article 4  Conduct Concerning Customers  13  Article 5  Conduct Concerning Shareholders  14  Article 6  Conduct Concerning Suppliers  14  1.  Choose Suppliers Fairly and Objectively  14  2.  Negotiate Contracts Honestly and Transparently  15  3.  Avoid the Acceptance of Bribery, Unofficial Commissions, Gifts and Other Kinds  15  Article 7  Conduct Concerning Public  15  1.  Environmental Practices  15  2.  Corporate Citizenship  15  3.  Public Relations  16

2  Article 8  Employee Aspirations  16  1.  Expressing Opinions, Providing Inputs and Reporting Negligence and Violation  16  2.  The Company to Respond Timely  17  CHAPTER 2  SANCTIONS  18  Article 1  Objectives  18  Article 2  Serious Violations  18  CHAPTER 3  CLOSING  20  APPENDICES  EXPLANATION ON THE IMPLEMENTATION OF CODE OF CONDUCT  21  1.  Violations Related to the Procurement of Products/Services  21  2.  Violations Related to Accepting Gifts, Entertainment and Bribery/Kick Back  23  3.  Violations Related to Conflict of Interests, Personal Business and Side Business  25  DISCLAIMER  27

3  FOREWORD  In accordance with the improving condition of the property sector, Ciputra Group also continues to grow, marked by the rise of new projects both in domestic and foreign countries as well as the increase of subsidiaries within Ciputra Group, which has become a publicly listed company. All of these are surely the results of hard work and innovation from the Employees and the Board of Directors which should be thankful for, be proud of, and be improved.  Such  growth  requires  the  Employees  and  the  Board  of  Directors  to  continuously  improve professionalism and perform at the best level for the Stakeholders. In order to achieve these objectives, a set of rules that act as a guideline in carrying out the tasks/duties of each individual within Ciputra Group is required. Code of Conduct is a set of rules that serves as the answer to such necessities as well as the rules that complement the Company Regulations.  The Code of Conduct will only be meaningful should the Leaders and the Employees understand and enforce  them  consistently  so  that  each  individual  within  Ciputra  Group  do  not  only  possess competencies but also high integrity that will create work ethics and positive image in the hearts of individual and public. Hence it is expected that the creativity, productivity, efficiency, and effectiveness may be actualized at the maximum level.  All in all, let us be actively involved in implementing the Code of Conduct for our improvements.  Jakarta, 3 May 2018  Dr. (HC) Ir. Ciputra  Chairman  Candra Ciputra  President Director  Rina Ciputra Sastrawinata  Managing Director  Budiarsa Sastrawinata  Managing  Director  Junita Ciputra  Managing Director  Harun Hajadi  Managing Director  Cakra Ciputra  Managing Director

4  CHAPTER 1 CODE OF CONDUCT  Article 1 Background and Objectives of the Code of Conduct  To actualize the goals of becoming a company that is excellent, profitable and healthy, it is required to have a clear and challenging vision, innovative business development strategies, effective and efficient resource management and effective leadership. In addition, it also needs Good Corporate Governance including risk management, adequate internal control, and culture of control to create a resilient, profitable and healthy company.  The Code of Conduct is a set of Corporate Governance Rules that defines the values and the standard business rules carried out by Ciputra Group and serves as a reference for each individual joining the Company, while also provides clarity to the Stakeholder to recognize how Ciputra Group conducts business.  The philosophy that underlies the Code of Conduct is the Integrity and the success key to the implementation of the Code of Conduct is the Cooperation and the Participation of all Management and Employees of the Company.  The definition of Integrity, Cooperation and Participation are:  Integrity  Uphold the honesty, ethics, and moral in working to create a conducive working environment and optimize Corporate Values to the S takeholders in accordance with the Company’s vision and mission  Cooperation  Willing to respect each other, respect in carrying out duties and mutually provide assistance to support the attainment of high productivity in accordance with the goals of the Company.  Participation  Each Management and Employee shall take part and contribute in delivering the best in fulfilling their duties and responsibilities to achieve the goals of the Company.

5  Article 2 Stakeholders  The Stakeholders are all parties that have interests or related to the activities of the Company. The Stakeholder comprises:  1.  Management  Is the Board of Directors and the Board of Commissioners as the bodies of the Company that have the authority and are fully responsible to manage the Company for the interest of the Company in accordance with the goals and objectives of the Company.  2.  Employees  Individuals who work for the Company and thus thereof receive wages from the Company as the compensation of their work.  3.  Customers  Buyers or users of the products or services made and/or marketed by the Company.  4.  Shareholders  Each individual or institution listed on the shareholder list of the Company.  5.  Suppliers  Business partners engaged in the business of providing goods and/or services required by the Company. Also included in the similar meanings are the terms of vendor, contractor, consultant, and  leveransir .  6.  Public  Individuals or groups outside of the Company that have a direct or indirect relationship with the activities of the Company.  Article 3 Conduct of Management and Employees  1.  Company Performance & Quality  The  long  term  success  of  the  Company  directly  relates  with  the  performance  of  the Management and Employees individually and jointly as a team. Therefore, each individual shall provide its best contribution to make the Company successful.

6  The Employees shall strive to raise the performance of the Company. Therefore, the Employees are expected to undertake their duties and roles properly and are not justified to act recklessly or neglectfully in carrying out their duties, i.e.:  -  In a procurement task, the Employees shall obtain the best pricing, payment terms and quality;  -  In a marketing task, the Employees shall offer the best price, payment terms (standard) and exceptional services that satisfy the Customers, and not deceive the Customers;  -  In a task of  management and protection of the Company’s assets, the Employees shall  preserve, protec t and manage the Company’s assets so that avoiding the risks of loss,  damages, improper usage or impairment of assets that is unreasonable;  -  In a supervision task, the Employees shall conduct supervision function properly so that the expected quality, time, and cost can be met;  -  In a task of being authority holder to a certain extent, the Employees shall not manipulate the circumstances that should obtain approval from the higher authority to sufficiently be approved by the Employees concerned;  -  The Employees are obliged to report on the matters aforementioned that might hinder the  attainment of the Company’s goals.  Quality of products and services is broadly defined as products and services that able to provide additional value or benefit to the customers. It has become mutual responsibilities for all Management and Employees to always provide services and produce high quality/value-added products, including trying to understand the needs of the Customers through excellent products and services that will enhance the reputation and the success of Ciputra Group in the long term.  2.  Diversity and Inclusivity (including Mutual Respect)  The Company is committed to provide a conducive workplace and ensure equal opportunities for each individual with various backgrounds to thrive and succeed as well as to contribute and to participate in the overall business success. Therefore each individual is responsible to create a workplace where each individual is treated in honest, dignified, fair and respectful manner.  In  working  together,  the  Company  values  differences  of  opinion,  emphasizes  dignified teamwork, does not stress on attributes related to racial, ethnic and religion issues (SARA), respects each other, acts fairly, as well as dresses and works with other parties politely to conserve the entirety, unity and diversity of Unitary Republic of Indonesia (NKRI).  Ciputra Group does not tolerate any act of hate speech that is related to the conduct and act of communicating directly or indirectly, including through social media, which spread hatred, intolerance and use religion attributes to create disunity, hostility and hatred, including to not inviting guest speakers who potentially spread hate speech.

7  3.  Disgraceful Conducts (including Workplace Violence, Alcohol and Drugs)  Each Management and Employee shall refrain itself from the disgraceful conducts and acts, such as abusing the authorities owned for personal interests, violating the Company Regulations, state law, as well as social norms that prevail in the society in general including immoral conducts, cheatings and all forms of gambling that may adversely affect the reputation of the Company, individuals and others.  The Company strives for a safe workplace for each individual. The Company does not tolerate any acts of violence and abusive behavior that may lead to/cause workplace violence carried out by/against the Management and the Employees. The prohibited behavior aforementioned includes threatening, causing physical injury to anyone, damaging the properties of personal or the Company intentionally, conducting violently, sabotaging and behaving aggressively that may cause others threatened and injured, including encouraging/allowing to commit any acts that violate the Company Regulations or policies that are generally applied.  Maintaining a workplace that is free from the influence of Alcohol and Drug abuse is a shared responsibility. Alcohol and Drug abuse threatens the abilities of the Company in serving the Customers as it may jeopardize the safety of life, products and services. Ciputra Group does not tolerate any use or misuse of Alcohol and Drugs for each Individual bound to the Company, or anyone while at the location of the Company. Each Management and Employee is required to undergo a periodic or random inspection on the use of Alcohol and Drugs. Should someone obtain a medical prescription that may affect its abilities to work, one shall discuss such matters with its respective supervisor or HRD.  4.  Smoking in the Workplace  In order to maintain the health and comfort of each Individual doing activities in the workplace (Ciputra Group offices), it is not acceptable for each Individual to smoke inside the Ciputra Group offices, especially inside a closed room and/or equipped with Air Conditioning.  5.  Information and Communication  a.  Company Information and Public Communication  The Company strives to provide relevant information in accurate and timely manner concerning the business of the Company to the investors, the media, and the public.  The Company treats any statements in each information disclosure with care. External communication is the duties of the Department of Corporate Communications, the Department of Investor Relations, and the Corporate Secretary.  Only authorized person may accept interviews, provide statements to other parties, such as the media, and give speeches on behalf of the Company. Certain positions such

8  as the General Manager of a Project may provide statements on the Project concerned. Other Employees shall obtain the approval of the Board of Directors.  b.  Confidential Information (including Insider Information)  Confidential  Information  is  a  valuable  asset  to  the  Company.  The  confidential information aforementioned includes the price and cost data, mergers, acquisitions, business processes and procedures, financial data, trade secrets and skills, computer programs,  wage  and  salary  data,  sales  and  marketing  programs,  information  on customers/suppliers/subcontractors, contract documents and data on the results of internal audit. Confidential Information also includes any information provided to Ciputra Group to be used and protected as part of a business agreement, such as personal information of the Employees, customers and contractors or other confidential information from the suppliers and the business partners.  All information aforementioned may only be used appropriately for the interest of the Company, not for personal interest. Access to Confidential Information may only be granted to parties authorized to see and require such information for the smooth running of the work. Confidential Information shall only be given to External Parties with the permission of the Authorized Party should they have legitimate business relationship and require such information in order to do business with Ciputra Group, and on condition that such disclosure does not violate the confidentiality agreement with the third party. Unauthorized disclosure may damage the business of Ciputra Group, the Customers, the suppliers, and the subcontractors. Unauthorized disclosure is considered as a violation of Company Policies and in certain cases is a violation of law that may lead to fines, penalties or legal action against the Employees involved.  Each  individual  having  access  to  the  Confidential  Information  shall  protect  such information from any leakage. Each individual is personally responsible to protect Confidential Information. The aforementioned responsibility shall hold even after the employment with Ciputra Group end.  Insider Information in Securities Exchange  Each Management and Employee may discover insider information of the Company including its subsidiaries before such information is disclosed. However conducting securities exchange that is based on such insider information or  spreading such information to other parties whom then conduct securities exchange is a violation of law thereby is prohibited by the Company. The aforementioned Insider Information includes the plans on corporate action, the performance of the Company, the legal disputes, etc. that may affect the prospects of share price.

9  6.  Conflict of Interests  Each Employee shall place business decisions for the needs and the interests of the Company, not for personal or other Company interests. Each Employee is not allowed to participate in any activities that may have or cause a conflict of interest with the interests and the responsibilities of Ciputra Group.  Below are some situations where a conflict of interest may occur:  a.  Personal Business and Moonlighting  Employees shall not involve in personal business (directly or indirectly through friends or families) engaging in the similar businesses or that is a competitor to the Company, acting as the Suppliers of the Company, acting as the mediator/intermediary buyer of the products/services of the Company or of that is required by the Company to later be resold, or other businesses in which the Employee act as an Active Management of the business concerned.  In certain cases where there is a family member of an Employee has had a business aforementioned  or  has  had  relationships  with  the  Company  even  before  the commencement of the concerning Employee ’s employment, such matters shall be  disclosed openly to HRD and obtain approval from the Management, including whether the Employee concerned find it difficult to act independently and objectively in the decision making process. For example, should the Employee making the decision has a family relationship with the Suppliers, the Employee concerned shall seek approval from its respective supervisor.  Each Management and Employee is not permitted to have concurrent position in other companies or commit the act of moonlighting that may create a conflict of interest with its duties in Ciputra Group.  The Employees are not justified to carry out personal matters that are not relevant to the duties and responsibilities of their positions that use work hours, work facilities and other facilities that are intended for the purpose of the Company in accordance with the requirements of their duties, among others including the social community organization activities that are not supported by written consent from the Management. Should the Employees carry out the social community organization activities aforementioned and are supported by written consent from the Management, thus the Employee concerned is still obliged to report to its supervisor and HRD.  Business Opportunities

10  In the event that a Management or an Employee comes across business opportunities that the Company is interested on, he/she is not allowed to divert such opportunities for personal interests (directly or indirectly through friends, families, or other companies).  b.  Family Relationships  In order to encourage a professional work environment, the Company does not justify:  The Management and the Employees having family relationships work within the same Company/Project.  The family relationships aforementioned refer to those who have relationships as:  -  Spouses  -  Siblings (biological/adopted/in-law/step)  -  Parent  –  Child (biological/adopted/in-law)  Exceptions for certain cases are only permitted when the potential for conflict is very minimum and shall be explained in writing and obtain approval from 2 (two) Directors.  c.  Use of Company Assets  The assets of the Company are intended to be used for the interests of the Company. Each Management and Employee shall maintain and use the assets appropriately. The Employees are not allowed to take, displace or lend work tools and equipment owned by the Company or to use for personal purposes without prior consent from the Manager of HRD and GA, or the Head of Business Unit.  d.  Accepting Gifts, Entertainment and Bribery/Kick Back  Accepting Gifts    The Management and Employees are prohibited to accept gifts from other parties associated with the Company as it may damage or influence the proper business considerations, for example:  -  Influence the decision making process by the Employees concerned;  -  Result in the acquisition of a service/gain for the other Party concerned;  -  Perceived as a reward for a service/gain for the other Party concerned, either in the past, present or future;  -  Etc.    Should the Management or the Employees are forced to accept a gift in the form of goods (such as holiday parcels), principally the gift belongs to the Company, thus thereof shall be reported to the respective supervisor to determine the utilization of such gift.  The forcedly acceptance of a gift aforementioned refers to:

11  -  The rejection or the return of such gift is impractical (such as gifts in the form of personal needs or foods).  -  The rejection of such gift is estimated to may harm the Company (such as damaging the maintained relationships with the other party concerned).  Exceptions may be made in certain occasions should the Employees receive souvenirs/gifts in the form of goods (non-monetary) if they meet the following requirements:  -  The gifts are in accordance with the general rules of the companies giving gifts;  -  Occurs only occasionally;  -  The gifts are not requested;  -  Accepting the gifts publicly does not embarrass the Company or the Employees concerned;  -  The value of the gifts are below 10% of Take Home Pay (THP) per month or Rp1,000,000,- which value is smaller;  The acceptance of the gifts that acts as a reward for activities carried out during working hours is principally belong to the Company and shall be handed over to the Company or be returned to the giving parties.  The Company will actively communicate to the parties having business relationship with the Company to not give gifts to the Management and the Employees.  The Company will also minimize the act of giving gifts to business partners.    In the event that the Employees have a wedding, birth, grief, accident or disaster including the families of the Employee (spouse, parents/in-law, children/in-law, siblings/in-law)  and  receive  gifts  in  the  form  of  goods  or  money  from suppliers/tenants despite having no conflict of interests:  -  With a value of up to Rp1,000,000 may be accepted by the Employees without having to be reported/acknowledged by the supervisor of the Employees concerned.  -  With a value of more than Rp1,000,000 up to Rp5,000,000 may be accepted by the  Employees  provided  that  it  is  being  reported/acknowledged  by  the supervisor of the Employees concerned.  -  With a value of more than Rp5,000,000 shall not be accepted by the Employees concerned and shall be returned to the suppliers/tenants although having been reported/acknowledged by the supervisor of the Employees concerned.  Should the Employees receive direct gifts/door prizes, discounts/rebate, vouchers, reward points or souvenirs that generally apply in accordance with fairness and compliance as well as have no conflict of interests, without limitation of the value, such matters are not obligatory to be reported to the supervisor of the Employees concerned.  Accepting Entertainments

12  The  Employees  are  allowed  to  accept  invitations  occasionally  for  sport  events, entertainment or reception on condition that:    The activities do not affect proper business considerations.    The  activities  comply with  the  regulations of the  company  conducting  such activities.    The activities are not requested.    The activities are held occasionally with reasonable value, not excessive, and reasonable.    Accepting such invitations publicly does not embarrass the Company or the Employees concerned;    The supervisor of the Employee concerned has acknowledged such activities.  Accepting Bribery and Kickback (Unofficial Commission)  Bribery or kickback refers to the act of accepting money, fee, differences of price mark- ups, unofficial commissions, credit, gifts, favors or anything of value, directly or  indirectly, to compromise the proper business considerations or to enrich one’s self,  families or particular third parties. The Management and the Employees are not permitted to accept any form of bribery and kickback.  e.  Lending and/or Borrowing Money  The Employees are not permitted to use the money of the Company for personal use, to lend the money of the Company to other parties, and to lend the personal money at an interest to other parties associated with the activities of the Company.  7.  Electronic Devices and Computer Technologies Usage  The Company’s electronic  devices and computer technologies, including email, voice mail, cellphones, computers, networks, software, internet, or other electronic facilities are belong to the Company. Occasional uses of the phone, email, internet and voice mail for personal purposes are allowed on condition that it is reasonable and does not violate the law. The  Management  and  the  Employees  are  prohibited  from  using  the  Company’s  computers,  networks, and networks connected to external internet services for activities not related to the Company, such as conducting side jobs, sending chain messages, or conducting personal political activities (including provocation, defamation of certain parties, etc.).  Once the Company grants the individual an access to the system and the networks, the individual concerned is given a personal account with a password. The individual concerned is

13  personally responsible for all activities occurred in such account effectively and efficiently. The Company Policies require the individual concerned to protect such password for compliance and protection purposes. The individual concerned is prohibited to share such password or allow the other parties to use the account concerned.  It is worth noted for each Employee to be aware that an authorized representative of the  Company may monitor the Company’s system and network at any time, without prior notice. By  using electronic resources of Ciputra Group, each individual is considered acknowledge such monitoring and understand that information generated, received or disseminated through the system is not private.  The system of the Company is not allowed to be used to generate, store or transmit information that is hostile, malicious, prohibited by  law, discriminatory, indecent or offensive. Sites containing forbidden, sexual, mature and discriminatory contents are also not permitted and may not be accessed using the equipment or the networks of the Company.  The computers shall be equipped with legitimate software, in accordance to the appropriate copyrights, trademarks, patent rights, or other laws. The Management and the Employees are prohibited to install software that is unauthorized and/or unrelated to the job concerned as well as making copies of prohibited electronic data to the system of the Company.  The Company provides a network connected to internet and internet services that are aimed to facilitate the business activities of the Company. Telephone, email and internet facilities of the company may not be used to disseminate confidential information of the Company that is not intended for public, such as information concerning proprietary, copyrights, or any information that may harm the Company or the Employees. Failure to maintain the security of the  Company’s computers and other security  requirements is considered as a severe violation of the Company Policies.  Article 4 Conduct Concerning Customers  The Customers are the main reason of why Ciputra Group conducting businesses. Fulfilling the needs and expectations of the Customers are, therefore, the key success of the Company.  1.  The Company through the Management and the Employees strives to:  a.  Provide quality products and services (including after-sales services).  b.  Meet or exceed the expectations of the Customers.  c.  Communicate in honest and fair manners.  2.  Advertisement is an important means of information for the Customers.  The advertisement of Ciputra Group shall be delivered in order to provide clear and accurate information concerning the products, services and prices. The Company shall not commit the act of exaggeration, deception or manipulation. Likewise, the Company will not use the means of

14  advertising that are misleading to gain advantage of the competitors. However, it is appropriate to make a fair comparison between Ciputra Group and the competitors concerning the products and services. However, it is still an appropriate conduct to make a fair comparison between Ciputra Group and the competitors concerning the products and services. The Company shall not  criticize  or  provide  misleading  explanation  on  the  services  or  qualifications  of  the competitors.  Article 5 Conduct Concerning Shareholders  Shareholders are the business owner of Ciputra Group. Therefore, each Individual within the Company shall maintain the honor and the trust committed by the Shareholders.  The appropriate conducts are as follow:  1.  Manage the businesses ethically in accordance to the principles of good corporate governance. Maximize the Shareho lders’ value.  2.  Maintain, protect and develop the assets of the Company including the intellectual properties of the Company.  3.  Communicate regularly, accurately and responsibly through means and arrangements that are in accordance with the applicable policies.  Article 6 Conduct Concerning Suppliers  The Company maintains good relationships with the Suppliers. The Suppliers are business partners of the company.  The appropriate conducts are as follow:  1.  Choose Suppliers Fairly and Objectively  Ciputra Group chooses the Suppliers that best meet the needs of the Company, by using 4 key objective criteria as follow:  a.  Products and Technology Excellence  b.  Service Excellence and Support  c.  Delivery Performance and Timeliness  d.  Competitive Total Cost  In selecting the Suppliers and conducting tenders, the Company shall evaluate all proposals of the Suppliers/prospective suppliers fairly and objectively.

15  2.  Negotiate Contracts Honestly and Transparently  During contract negotiations with the Suppliers or prospective suppliers, the Company shall act fairly and reasonably to reach mutual consensus through an honest and transparent process, including  the  requirements  to  disclose/explain  matters  should  any  of  the  Suppliers  or prospective  suppliers  have  family  relations  (husband/wife/parents/parents-in- law/brother/sister/siblings-in-law/child/child-in-law)  with  the  parties  related  to  the procurement process of the goods/services. The Company complies with the prevailing laws and regulations, as well as upholds good business practices.  3.  Avoid the Acceptance of Bribery, Unofficial Commissions, Gifts and Other Kinds  Each Management and Employee of Ciputra Group is committed to avoid the conducts that may result in poor business decisions such as bribes/kickbacks, unofficial commissions, unreasonable gifts or receptions and other practices of corruption, collusion, and nepotism (KKN).  Article 7 Conduct Concerning Public  The Company desires to create a better quality of life for the Communities, by conducting business activities that strives to maintain the sustainability of environment and natural resources, to be an active part of business and public communities (good corporate citizenship) as well as to support organizations that improve the quality of environment, education and comm unities’ life.  1.  Environmental Practices  Ciputra Group is committed to conduct businesses that respect, preserve and improve the quality of the environment, through the following:  a.  Develop products that will enhance the quality of people’s life.  b.  Conduct services that are environmentally responsible.  c.  Use natural resources wisely and efficiently across business activities.  d.  Comply with the rules and the regulations on environmental laws, the Company Policies, and the standards for industry best-practice.  e.  Use technologies and operating procedures designed in a manner that considers Health, Safety, and Environment (HSE).  f.  Encourage each Individual within the Company to report any conducts that may cause disruptions  to  the  environment,  the  public  health  or  safety  and  ensure  the confidentiality of the informer.  2.  Corporate Citizenship  Ciputra Group involves in improving the welfare of the Communities by providing high quality products and services. Ciputra Group engages in the community life by being a corporate citizen

16  that is nice, voluntary, and supporting social activities surrounding the Company and non-profit organizations.  3.  Public Relations  Ciputra Group is committed to create strategic partnerships with professional and social organizations. The Company recognizes the diversity of beliefs and political views of each Employee and the Employee shall respect them as well.  Article 8 Employee Aspirations  The aspirations of each Employee aimed to improve the performance of the Company for the sake of mutual interests and progressions (the Management and the Employees) deserve to be delivered to the authorized Leaders of the Company through the applicable procedures, including among others are expressing opinions, providing inputs, and reporting matters relating to the implementation of the Code of Conduct.  1.  Expressing Opinions, Providing Inputs and Reporting Negligence and Violation  The Management or the Employees who have concerns and questions or indicate or know that his/her colleague may or has violated the Code of Conduct and/or the Company Policies and/or the state law, he/she shall immediately report such violations or potential violations to its respective supervisor or HRD Manager or higher Authority/Leadership in connection to such violations.  Matters that shall be reported are as following:  a.  Indicating or knowing that the Corporate Culture, the Code of Conduct, or the Company Policies are not enforced.  b.  Indicating or knowing of a violation or potential violation of the law, the regulations, or the licensing requirements.  c.  Indicating or knowing of the irregularities in audit or non-compliance accounting.  d.  Indicating or knowing of a conduct of thievery, falsification, or abuse of authority.  The Employees are discouraged to express negative criticisms directed to the Company or the Company  Leaders  publicly,  inciting  other  Employees  to  criticize  the  Company  policies. Constructive criticisms and suggestions for improvement from the Employees may be directed through the following procedures:    The Employees may express the criticisms/suggestions to the Supervisor/ Business Units HRD Manager /Highest Leader in the Projects concerned (General Manager)/HRD of the Group/Board of Directors, by taking into account several matters such as: the problems to be conveyed, the time required to handle such problems, the confidence of the

17  Employees concerned in the certainty whether a follow up will be taken towards the criticisms/suggestions expressed for the sake of the progressions of the Company.    The criticisms/suggestions may be delivered in speech or in writing and comprises: the topic  of  the  problems,  the  conditions  faced/the  background  of  the  problems, criticisms/suggestions delivered, and the expected impacts/results. Such reports shall be supported with adequate data analysis and proofs.  The Company will pay attention to all problem reports and protect each Individual making the report, and the Individual concerned may ask for its name to be undisclosed. All Management and Employees are required to be cooperative during the investigation process.  The Employees making false complaints, spreading lies, threatening others, or damaging the reputation of others will be imposed sanctions of up to and including the termination of employment.  2.  The Company to Respond Timely  The Company will respond opinions/inputs and reports on the violation of the Code of Conducts and/or the Company Policies and Regulations, and/or the state law, illegal activities, security issues, financial misconduct or health, safety and environment (HSE) issues, by forming an investigation team.  Should a violation is found, the Company will take action and subsequently the Company will make changes so that such problems will not be repeated.  Maintaining the Confidentiality of the Reports on Code of Conduct Violations  The Company limits only certain people to need to know the violation report in order to ensure that the action is taken timely and accurately. The Company shall protect the confidentiality of the individuals reporting the violations of law, Company Policies or Code of Conduct.  Avoiding the Conduct of Retaliation against the Informer  The Employees are encouraged to not ever be hesitated to contact the Supervisor/ Business Units HRD Manager /Highest Leader in the Projects concerned (General Manager)/HRD of the Group/Board of Directors should the Employees feeling threatened after making a report. Parties who make a threat will be imposed disciplinary sanction up to the termination of employment. The Company takes matters on conduct of retaliation seriously. Allegations of retaliation will be investigated and taken action where appropriate.

18  CHAPTER 2 SANCTIONS  Article 1 Objectives  The objectives of imposing sanctions on the violations of Code of Conduct are as follow:  1.  To protect and prevent the Management and the Employees from committing disgraceful conducts that may harm and damage the reputation and the credibility of the Management/the Employees concerned and the Company.  2.  To encourage the Management and the Employees to act and conduct in accordance to the applicable values and norms of the Company and the Communities.  3.  To discipline the violating acts and conducts of the Management and the Employees in order to be  in  compliance  to  the Code  of  Conduct,  for  the  purpose  of enforcing  Integrity  and Professionalism among the Employees.  Sanctions imposed will refer to the Company Regulations (specifically Article 45 and Article 46) as well as the prevailing law.  Article 2 Serious Violations  Some examples of the violations of the Code of Conducts that are considered as serious violations are as follow:  1.  Disgraceful Conducts (including Workplace Violence, Alcohol and Drugs)  a.  Physical conducts that may harm others.  b.  Speeches or conducts that insults others in relation to racial, ethnic and religion issues (SARA), sexual harassments, social and political status.  c.  Immoral conducts, infidelity and all forms of gambling that will adversely affect the reputation of the Company, the Employees concerned and/or others.  d.  Intentionally damage the properties of an Individual or the Company.  e.  Sabotage.  f.  The abuse of alcohol (intoxicated in the workplace) and drugs.  2.  Information and Communication  a.  Conducting interviews or delivering speeches that mislead or harm the Company on behalf of the Company with no authority nor the approval of the Board of Directors of the Company.  b.  Not protecting the confidential information of the Company.

19  c.  Abusing the confidential information of the Company for personal or other parties’  interests.  d.  Unauthorized disclosure.  e.  Abusing insider information for personal or other parties’ interests.  3.  Conflict of Interests  a.  Conducting personal business that may influence the decisions made for the Company.  b.  Serving  as  the  Management,  Employees,  Consultant,  Owner  or  Agent  of  other companies conducting business with the Company so that may influence the decisions made for the Company.  c.  Diverting the business opportunities of the Company for personal or other companies’  interests.  d.  Accepting side jobs from the competitors, the suppliers and the customers.  e.  Accepting bribes and kickback.  4.  Misuse of Electronic Devices and Computer Technology  a.  Using the Company’s electronic devices and computer technology for matters that are  hostile, malicious, illegal, discriminatory, indecent or offensive.  b.  Installing illegitimate software, copying prohibited electronic data to the system of the  Company that may result in the Company’s loss/continuity.  5.  Customers  Providing misleading information or lying to the Customers.  6.  Shareholders  Not maintaining the trust of the Shareholders by providing misleading information on the  Company’s performance and other information.  7.  Suppliers  Not being neutral/favoring certain suppliers in selecting and negotiating with suppliers that result in the high cost for the Company.  8.  Conducts related to Employee Aspirations  a.  Making false reports or complaints.  b.  Leaking the confidentiality of the reports and/or the individuals making the report on  the violations of Ciputra Group’s Code of Conduct.  c.  Conducting retaliation against the informer.

20  CHAPTER 3 CLOSING  Each Management and Employee of Ciputra Group acknowledges this Code of Conduct as a guidance on how the Management and the Employees carrying out business activities of the Company. This Code of Conduct applies to every individual consisting of: the Board of Directors, the Board of Commissioners, the Permanent Employees, the Contract and Part-Time Employees of Ciputra Group, as well as the Representatives and the Agents of Ciputra Group business units.  This Code of Conduct may not provide answers to every situation encountered. Should there be any questions, please seek for additional guidance. Should there be any hesitations on the appropriate things to do, please enquire to the Supervisor, Business Units HRD Manager, or HRD Group.  As stipulated in the Background and the Objectives of the Code of Conduct aforementioned, the success key to the implementation of compliance to the Code of Conduct is the Cooperation and the Participation of all Management and Employees of the Company.  The Leaders shall embark the implementation since the Leaders are obliged to set an example for their staffs and subordinates.

21  APPENDICES EXPLANATION ON THE IMPLEMENTATION OF CODE OF CONDUCT  1.  Violations Related to the Procurement of Products/Services  Case Example 1:  The Employees of procurement unit in comparing the prices/selecting the Suppliers of a procurement of  the  goods/services,  involve  the Suppliers  that  have  family  relationships (husband/wife/parents/parents-in-law/siblings/siblings-in-law/children/children-in-law)  with the Employees of procurement unit or the Supervisor concerned involved in the decision making process and such matters are not being disclosed/explained in the price comparison form or to the Supervisor, and the concerned Suppliers become the winner of the tender with the lowest price among the 3 other suppliers compared.  Case Analysis:  There is a potential conflict of interest and is an unfair/not objective supplier selection process due to the family relationships with the Employees of procurement unit or the party involved in the decision making process while such matters are not disclosed/explained clearly during the process of the procurement of goods/services, especially should there be found other suppliers that are able to  provide lower prices with the equivalent specifications and quality  of goods/services.  Referring to the Code of Conduct  Article 3 Point 6  regarding “ Conflict of Interests ” and  specifically  Point 6.a  regarding “ Personal Business and Moonlighting ”, it is stated that each  Employee is not allowed to participate in any activities that may have or cause a conflict of interest with the interests and the responsibilities of Ciputra Group, specifically is prohibited to be involved in personal business directly and indirectly such as becoming the suppliers of the Company. In certain cases where there is a family member of an Employee has had a business as the Supplier and has had relationships with the Company even before the commencement of th e concerning Employee’s employment, such matters shall be disclosed openly to HRD and  obtain approval from the Management, including whether the Employee concerned find it difficult to act independently and objectively in the decision making process. For example, should the Employee making the decision has a family relationship with the Suppliers, the Employee concerned shall seek approval from its respective supervisor.  Referring to the Code of Conduct  Article 6 Point 1  regarding “ Choose Suppliers Fairly and Objectively ” and  Point 2  regarding “ Negotiate Contracts Honestly and Transparently ”,  during the process of selecting the Suppliers, what are meant by choosing suppliers fairly and objectively and negotiating contracts honestly and transparently are as follow:

22    In selecting suppliers offering goods/services shall meet the key criteria that are objective in terms of: Products and Technology Excellence; Service Excellence and Support; Delivery Performance and Timeliness; and Competitive Total Cost. In order to get competitive prices, a price comparison of minimum 3 suppliers shall be obtained to determine the tender winner. Should the price comparison obtained only comes from less than 3 suppliers or even only 1 single supplier or in the event that the winning supplier is not the one providing the lowest price, the reasons or basis for selecting the supplier concerned shall be explained.    The conduct of evaluating the price offered by comparative suppliers shall be carried out in honest and transparent manner, including the disclosure/explanation should there be any  family  relationships  between  the  Employees  related  to  the  process  of  the procurement of goods/services and the comparative suppliers. The Supervisor of the Employees concerned shall ensure that there are no conflicts of interest (competitive price)  by  checking  the  prices  offered  by  both  the  appointed  supplier  and  the comparative suppliers.

23  2.  Violations Related to Accepting Gifts, Entertainment and Bribery/Kick Back  Case Example 1:  An  Employee  of  procurement  unit  was  given  by  the  supplier  the  commission/gas money/cigarette money/kick  back on  the  procurement transaction  that  has  been  done, although it was not requested. The commissions received by the employee concerned were not reported to the Supervisor/Leader of the Company.  Case Example 2:  An Employee received gifts from the business partners in relation to Eid Fitr/Christmas/Chinese New Year. Such gifts were not reported to the Supervisor/Leader of the Company.  Case Example 3:  An Employee who have held a wedding reception received gifts in the form of goods/money from various parties including business partners/suppliers/contractors. Such gifts were not reported to the Supervisor/Leader of the Company.  Case Analysis:  The grants of money/gifts received by the Employee from the Suppliers/Contractors/Business Partners as demonstrated in Case Example 1 and 2 above contains the elements of violation of the receipt of gifts and also non-transparency, both the grants that may influence the decision making process as well as the grants that are not intended to influence the decision making process but may still influence the decision made for the next transaction, thus are obliged to be returned or reported to the Supervisor concerned to be determined the utilization of such money/gifts. Exceptions for Case Example 3 that is may or may not be accepted by the Employees referring to the explanation of the criteria below.  Referring to the Code of Conduct:    Article 3 Point 6.d  regarding  “ Accepting Gifts, Entertainment and Bribery/Kick Back ”  explains that “ The Management and Employees are prohibited to accept gifts from other parties have/are/will be associated with the Company as it may damage or influence the proper business considerations. Should the Management or the Employees are forced to accept a gift (in the form of goods of money) principally the gift  belongs to the Company , thus thereof shall be reported to the respective supervisor to determine the utilization of such gift .” Explanations concerning wh ether the Employee may or may not receive such gifts depends on whether the following criteria are met:  -  The grant of gifts from the suppliers/tenants in the form of goods with the value of below 10% of Take Home Pay (THP) per month or Rp1,000,000,- which value is smaller may be may be accepted by the Employees without having to be

24  reported to the supervisor of the Employees concerned provided that the gifts fulfill these criteria, namely: The gifts are in accordance with the general rules of the companies giving gifts; Occurs only occasionally; The gifts are not requested; Accepting the gifts publicly does not embarrass the Company or the Employees concerned.  -  The grant of gifts from the suppliers/tenants that occurs in the event of a wedding, birth, grief, accident or disaster experienced by the Employees, or the spouse,  parents/in-law,  children/in-law,  siblings/in-law  of  the  Employees without having a conflict of interest, in the form of goods or money with value up to Rp1,000,000 may be accepted by the Employees without having to be reported/acknowledged by the supervisor of the Employees concerned.  -  The grant of gifts from the suppliers/tenants that occurs in the event of a wedding, birth, grief, accident or disaster experienced by the Employees, or the spouse,  parents/in-law,  children/in-law,  siblings/in-law  of  the  Employees without having a conflict of interest, in the form of goods or money with value of more than Rp1,000,000 up to Rp5,000,000 may be accepted by the Employees provided that it is being reported/acknowledged by the supervisor of the Employees concerned.  -  The grant of gifts from the suppliers/tenants that occurs in the event of a wedding, birth, grief, accident or disaster experienced by the Employees, or the spouse,  parents/in-law,  children/in-law,  siblings/in-law  of  the  Employees without having a conflict of interest, in the form of goods or money with value of more than Rp5,000,000  shall not be accepted  by the Employees concerned and shall  be  returned  to  the  suppliers/tenants  although  having  been reported/acknowledged by the supervisor of the Employees concerned.    Article 6 Point 3  regarding  “ Avoid the Acceptance of Bribery, Unofficial Commissions, Gifts and Other Kinds ”  explains that “ Each Management and Employee of Ciputra Group is committed to avoid the conducts that may result in poor business decisions such as bribes/kickbacks, unofficial commissions, unreasonable gifts or receptions and other  practices of corruption, collusion, and nepotism (KKN).”

25  3.  Violations Related to Conflict of Interests, Personal Business and Side Business  Case Example 1:  A Project Manager (PM) has prospective customers that are then directed to the agent who is his wife (a conflict of interest that benefit the PM and his wife in receiving commissions and rewards) rather than being directed to the in-house sales, thus the Company spends more commissions to the agents than in-house sales.  Case Example 2:  A Marketing Manager concurrently assists the sales of his/her own projects as well as other projects in which he/she receives the commissions from the banks for the sales through mortgage scheme and/or from the customers (investor buyers) for the units that he/she has assisted.  Case Example 3:  The Employees who work as trainers also have a side business engaged in the field of  training/consulting in which the Employees concerned use the Company’s tra ining materials to be used in the coaching/training for the clients of its side business.  Case Example 4:  The Employees who work as Chefs in the Hotel, or their relatives, have a catering side business, in which the prospective hotel customers inquiring catering services are then directed to use catering services owned by the Employees concerned or their siblings.  Case Example 5:  The Employees working in Legal division, or their relatives, have a side business engaged in the field of Public Notary/Land Titles Registrar in which the customers of the project where the Employees concerned working want to conduct agreements on the transfer of rights are then directed to use the Public Notary/Land Titles Registrar services provided by the Employees concerned or their relatives.  Case Example 6:  The Employees working in Marketing division are requested to provide training on marketing to the Banks and receive fee on such training that is not reported to the Company.  Case Analysis:  The Case Example 1 to 6 aforementioned demonstrate the abuse of authority, the conduct of running side businesses that are both similar or not similar to the duties of the Employees

26  concerned and the elements of conflict of interests committed by the Employees for personal gains/interests.  Referring to the Code of Conduct:  Article 3 Point 6  regarding  “Conflict of Interests”  explains that “ Each Employee shall place business decisions for the needs and the interests of the Company, not for personal or other Company interests. Each Employee is not allowed to participate in any activities that may have or cause a conflict of interest with the interests and the responsibilities of Ciputra Group. ”  Article 3 Point 6.a  regarding  “ Personal  Business and Moonlighting ”  explains that Each Employee shall not involve in personal business (directly or indirectly through friends or families) engaging in the similar businesses or have concurrent position in other companies or commit the act of moonlighting that may create a conflict of interest with its duties in Ciputra Group.  For  Case Example 6 , the Employees are not justified to carry out personal matters that are not relevant to their duties and responsibilities,  however  the Marketing Employees who are in charge of marketing the products may provide the training provided that it is approved by the Supervisors concerned, and should they receive fee on such training, it shall be handed to the Company or the utilization of such fee shall be determined by the Project Director of the Employees concerned.

27  DISCLAIMER  This document constitutes an English translation of Code of Conduct of PT Ciputra Development Tbk, originally drafted, published and authenticated in Indonesian. While reasonable efforts are made to provide accurate information, portions may be incorrect and PT Ciputra Development Tbk cannot take responsibility for any errors. In case of a discrepancy, the Indonesian original will prevail.


</Real estate_Indonesia_Ciputra_2018.pdf>