This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Retail_China_Tencent Music Entertainment_2019.pdf>

TENCENT MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT GROUP  (the “Company”)  C ode of Business Conduct and Ethics  Introduction  This Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (the “ Code ”) has been adopted by our Board of  Directors  (the “ Board ”)  and summarizes the standards that must guide our actions. Although  they cover a wide range of business practices and procedures, these standards cannot and do  not cover every issue that may arise , or every situation in which ethical decisions must be made,  but rather set forth key guiding principles that represent Company policies and establish  conditions for employment at the Company.  We must strive to foster a culture of honesty and accountabili ty. Our commitment to the highest  level of ethical conduct should be reflected in all of the Company’s business activities, including,  but not limited to, relationships with employees, customers, suppliers, competitors, the  government, the public and our  shareholders. All of our employees, officers and directors must  conduct themselves according to the language and spirit of this Code and seek to avoid even the  appearance of improper behavior. Even well intentioned actions that violate the law or this Cod e  may result in negative consequences for the Company and for the individuals involved.  One of our Company’s most valuable assets is our reputation for integrity, professionalism and  fairness. We should all recognize that our actions are the foundation of  our reputation and  adhering to this Code and applicable law is imperative.  Conflicts of Interest  Our employees, officers and directors have an obligation to conduct themselves in an honest and  ethical manner and to act in the best interest of the Company.  All employees, officers and  directors should endeavor to avoid situations that present a potential or actual conflict between  their interest and the interest of the Company.  A “conflict of interest” occurs when a person’s private interest interferes in  any way, or even  appears to interfere, with the interests of the Company as a whole, including those of its  subsidiaries and affiliates. A conflict of interest may arise when an employee, officer or director  takes an action or has an interest that may ma ke it difficult for him or her to perform his or her  work objectively and effectively. A conflict of interest may also arise when an employee, officer or  director (or a member of his or her family) receives improper personal benefits as a result of the  em ployee’s, officer’s or director’s position in the Company.  Although it would not be possible to describe every situation in which a conflict of interest may  arise, the following are examples of situations that may constitute a conflict of interest:    Worki ng, in any capacity, for a competitor, customer or supplier while employed by the  Company.    Accepting gifts of more than modest value or receiving personal discounts (if such discounts  are not generally offered to the public) or other benefits as a result  of your position in the  Company from a competitor, customer or supplier.

C - 2    Competing with the Company for the purchase or sale of property, products, services or other  interests.    Having an interest in a transaction involving the Company, a competitor, c ustomer or supplier  (other than as an employee, officer or director of the Company and not including routine  investments in publicly traded companies).    Receiving a loan or guarantee of an obligation as a result of your position with the Company.    Direct ing business to a supplier owned or managed by, or which employs, a relative or friend.  Situations involving a conflict of interest may not always be obvious or easy to resolve. You should report actions that may involve a conflict of interest to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. In order to avoid conflicts of interests, senior executive officers and directors must disclose to the Audit Committee of the Board any material transaction or relationship that reasonably could be expected to give rise to such a conflict. Conflicts of interests involving the Audit Committee of the Board shall be disclosed to the Board. In the event that an actual or apparent conflict of interest arises between the personal and professional relationship or activities of an employee, officer or director, the employee, officer or director involved is required to handle such conflict of interest in an ethical manner in accordance with the provisions of this Code.  Quality of Public Disclosures  The Company has a responsibility to provide full and accurate information in our public  disclosures, in all material respects, about the Company’s financial condition and results of  operations. Our reports and documents filed with or submitted to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and our other public communications shall include full, fair, accurate, timely and understandable disclosure, and the Company has established a Disclosure Committee consisting of senior management to assist in monitoring such disclosures.  Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations  We are strongly committed to conducting our business affairs with honesty and integrity and in full compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. No employee, officer or director of the Company shall commit an illegal or unethical act, or instruct others to do so, for any reason.  Compliance with this Code and Reporting of Any Illegal or Unethical Behavior  All employees, directors and officers are expected to comply with all of the provisions of this Code. The Code will be strictly enforced and violations will be dealt with immediately, including by subjecting persons who violate its provisions to corrective and/or disciplinary action such as dismissal or removal from office. Violations of the Code that involve illegal behavior will be reported to the appropriate authorities. Situations which may involve a violation of ethics, laws, rules, regulations or this Code may not always be clear and may require the exercise of judgment or the making of difficult decisions.

C - 3  Employees, officers and  directors should promptly report any concerns about a violation of ethics,  laws, rules, regulations or this Code to their supervisor or the  Legal Department  or, in the case of  accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing matters, the Audit Committ ee of the Board.  Interested parties may also communicate directly with the Company’s non - management directors  through contact information located in the Company’s annual report on Form 20 - F.  Any concerns about a violation of ethics, laws, rules, regulation s or this Code by any senior  executive officer or director should be reported promptly to the  Audit Committee  of the Board.  Reporting of such violations may also be done anonymously through email to the Company at  a  designated email address for compliance  reporting. An anonymous report should provide enough  information about the incident or situation to allow the Company to investigate properly. If  concerns or complaints require confidentiality, including keeping an identity anonymous, the  Company will e ndeavor to protect this confidentiality, subject to applicable law, regulation or legal  proceedings.  The Company encourages all employees, officers and directors to report any suspected violations  promptly and intends to thoroughly investigate any good fai th reports of violations. The Company  will not tolerate any kind of retaliation for reports or complaints regarding misconduct that were  made in good faith. Open communication of issues and concerns by all employees, officers and  directors without fear o f retribution or retaliation is vital to the successful implementation of this  Code. All employees, officers and directors are required to cooperate in any internal  investigations of misconduct and unethical behavior.  The Company recognizes the need for t his Code to be applied equally to everyone it covers. The  Legal Department  of the Company will have primary authority and responsibility for the  enforcement of this Code, subject to the supervision of the  Audit Committee  of the Board, and the  Company will  devote the necessary resources to enable the  Legal Department  to establish such  procedures as may be reasonably necessary to create a culture of accountability and facilitate  compliance with this Code. Questions concerning this Code should be directed to  the  Legal  Department .  The provisions of this section are qualified in their entirety by reference to the following section.  Reporting Violations to a Governmental Agency  Employees have the right under  applicable  law to certain protections for cooperating  with or  reporting legal violations to governmental agencies or entities and self - regulatory organizations.  As such, nothing in this Code is intended to prohibit  any  employee  from disclosing or reporting  violations to, or from cooperating with, a government al agency or entity or self - regulatory  organization, and employees may do so without notifying the Company. The Company may not  retaliate against all employee for any of these activities, and nothing in this Code or otherwise  requires any employee to waive  any monetary award or other payment that he or she might  become entitled to from a governmental agency or entity, or self - regulatory organization.  All employees of the Company have the right to:    Report  possible violations of applicable  law or regulation  that have occurred, are occurring, or  are about to occur to any governmental agency or entity, or self - regulatory organization;    Cooperate voluntarily with, or respond to any inquiry from, or provide testimony before any  self - regulatory org anization or a ny other national  or local regulatory or law enforcement  authority;

C - 4    Make reports or disclosures to law enforcement or a regulatory authority without prior notice  to, or authorization from, the Company; and    Respond truthfully to a valid subpoena.  All employees have the right to not be retaliated against for reporting, either internally to the Company or to any governmental agency or entity or self-regulatory organization, information which the employee reasonably believe relates to a possible violation of law. It is a violation of law to retaliate against anyone who has reported such potential misconduct either internally or to any governmental agency or entity or self-regulatory organization. Retaliatory conduct includes discharge, demotion, suspension, threats, harassment, and any other manner of discrimination in the terms and conditions of employment because of any lawful act the employee may have performed. It is unlawful for the company to retaliate against an employee for reporting possible misconduct either internally or to any governmental agency or entity or self-regulatory organization. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Code or otherwise, employees may not disclose confidential Company information, including the existence and terms of any confidential agreements between the employee and the Company (including employment or severance agreements), to any governmental agency or entity or self-regulatory organization. The Company cannot require an employee to withdraw reports or filings alleging possible violations of national or local law or regulation, and the Company may not offer employees any kind of inducement, including payment, to do so.  An employee’s rights and remedies as a whistleblower protected under applicable whistleblower  laws, including a monetary award, if any, may not be waived by any agreement, policy form, or condition of employment, including by a predispute arbitration agreement. Even if an employee has participated in a possible violation of law, the employee may be eligible to participate in the confidentiality and retaliation protections afforded under applicable whistleblower laws, and the employee may also be eligible to receive an award under such laws.  Waivers and Amendments  Any waiver (including any implicit waiver) of the provisions in this Code for executive officers or directors may only be granted by the Board or a committee thereof and will be promptly disclosed  to the Company’s shareholders. Any such waiver will also be disclosed in the Company’s annual  report on Form 20-F. Amendments to this Code must be approved by the Board and will also be  disclosed in the Company’s annual report on Form 20 -F.  Trading on Inside Information  Using non-public Company information to trade in securities, or providing a family member, friend or any other person with non-public Company information, is illegal. All non-public, Company information should be considered inside information and should never be used for personal gain. You are required to familiarize yourself and comp ly with the Company’s Policy  against Insider Trading, copies of which are distributed to all employees, officers and directors and are available from the Legal Department. You should contact the Legal Department with any questions about your ability to buy or sell securities.

Davis Polk & Wardwell  LLP  C - 5  #37762743v3  Protection of Confidential Proprietary Information  Confidential proprietary information generated by and gathered in our business is a valuable  Company asset. Protecting this information plays a vital role in our continued growth and  ability  to compete, and all proprietary information should be maintained in strict confidence, except  when disclosure is authorized by the Company or required by law.  Proprietary information includes all non - public information that might be useful to comp etitors or  that could be harmful to the Company, its customers or its suppliers if disclosed. Intellectual  property such as trade secrets, patents, trademarks and copyrights, as well as business,  research and new product plans, objectives and strategies,  records, databases, salary and  benefits data, employee medical information, customer, employee and suppliers lists and any  unpublished financial or pricing information must also be protected.  Unauthorized use or distribution of proprietary information vi olates Company policy and could be  illegal. Such use or distribution could result in negative consequences for both the Company and  the individuals involved, including potential legal and disciplinary actions. We respect the  property rights of other comp anies and their proprietary information and require our employees,  officers and directors to observe such rights.  Your obligation to protect the Company’s proprietary and confidential information continues even  after you leave the Company, and you must ret urn all proprietary information in your possession  upon leaving the Company.  The provisions of this section are qualified in their entirety by the section entitled “Reporting  Violations to Governmental Agencies” above.  Protection and Proper Use of Company  Assets  Protecting Company assets against loss, theft or other misuse is the responsibility of every  employee, officer and director. Loss, theft and misuse of Company assets directly impact our  profitability. Any suspected loss, misuse or theft should be  reported to a supervisor or the Legal  Department.  The sole purpose of the Company’s equipment, vehicles, supplies and electronic resources  (including hardware, software and the data thereon) is the conduct of our business. They may  only be used for Compan y business consistent with Company guidelines.  Corporate Opportunities  Employees, officers and directors are prohibited from taking for themselves business  opportunities that are discovered through the use of corporate property, information or position.  N o employee, officer or director may use corporate property, information or position for personal  gain, and no employee, officer or director may compete with the Company. Competing with the  Company may involve engaging in the same line of business as the C ompany or any situation in  which the employee, officer or director takes away from the Company opportunities for sales or  purchases of property, products, services or interests.  Employees, officers and directors owe a  duty to the Company to advance its leg itimate interests when the opportunity to do so arises.

Davis Polk & Wardwell  LLP  C - 6  #37762743v3  Fair Dealing  Each employee, officer and director of the Company should endeavor to deal fairly with  customers, suppliers, competitors, the public and one another at all times and in accordance with  et hical business practices.  Each employee has an obligation to comply with the anti - corruption and anti - bribery laws of the  People’s Republic of China and any other regions and countries in which the Company operates.  No one should take unfair advantage of  anyone through manipulation, concealment, abuse of  privileged information, misrepresentation of material facts or any other unfair dealing practice. No  bribes, kickbacks or other similar payments in any form shall be made directly or indirectly to or  for  anyone for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business or obtaining any other favorable  action. In the event of a violation of these provisions, the Company and any employee, officer or  director involved may be subject to disciplinary action as well a s potential civil or criminal liability  for violation of this policy.  Occasional business gifts to, or entertainment of, non - government employees in connection with  business discussions or the development of business relationships are generally deemed  appr opriate in the conduct of Company business. However, these gifts should be given  infrequently and their value should be modest. Gifts or entertainment in any form that would likely  result in a feeling or expectation of personal obligation should not be e xtended or accepted.  Practices that are acceptable in a commercial business environment may be against the law or  the policies governing national or local government employees. Therefore, no gifts or business  entertainment of any kind may be given to any  government employee without the prior approval  of a supervisor or the  Legal Department .  Except in certain limited circumstances, the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (the  “ FCPA ”) prohibits giving anything of value directly or indirectly to any “ non - U.S. official” for the  purpose of obtaining or retaining business. When in doubt as to whether a contemplated  payment or gift may violate the FCPA, contact a supervisor or the  Audit Committee of the  Board  before taking any action.  Compliance with Anti trust Laws  The antitrust laws prohibit agreements among competitors on such matters as prices, terms of  sale to customers and the allocation of markets or customers. Antitrust laws can be complex,  and violations may subject the Company and its employees t o criminal sanctions, including fines,  jail time and civil liability. If you have any questions about our antitrust compliance policies,  consult the  Legal Department .  Political Contributions and Activities  Any political contributions made by or on behalf  of the Company and any solicitations for political  contributions of any kind must be lawful and in compliance with Company policies. This policy  applies solely to the use of Company assets and is not intended to discourage or prevent  individual employees,  officers or directors from making political contributions or engaging in  political activities on their own behalf. No one may be reimbursed directly or indirectly by the  Company for personal political contributions.

C - 7  Doing Business with Others  We strive to promote the application of the standards of this Code by those with whom we do business. Our policies, therefore, prohibit the engaging of a third party to perform any act prohibited by law or by this Code, and we shall avoid doing business with others who intentionally and continually violate the law or the standards of this Code.  Accuracy of Company Financial Records  We maintain the highest standards in all matters relating to accounting, financial controls, internal reporting and taxation. All financial books, records and accounts must accurately reflect transactions and events and conform both to required accounting principles and to the  Company’s system of internal controls. Records shall not be distorted in any way to hide,  disguise or alter the Co mpany’s true financial position.  Retention of Records  All Company business records and communications shall be clear, truthful and accurate. Employees, officers and directors of the Company shall avoid exaggeration, guesswork, legal conclusions and derogatory remarks or characterizations of people and companies. This applies  to communications of all kinds, including email and “informal” notes or memos. Records should always be handled according to the Company’s record retention policies. If an employee, officer  or director is unsure whether a document should be retained, consult a supervisor or the Legal Department before proceeding.  Anti-Money Laundering  We are committed to preserving our reputation in the financial community by assisting in efforts to combat money laundering and terrorist financing. Money laundering is the practice of disguising  the ownership or source of illegally obtained funds through a series of transactions to “clean” the  funds so they appear to be proceeds from legal activities. We have adopted measures to reduce the extent to which  the Company’s facilities, products and  services can be used for a purpose connected with market abuse or financial crimes. Additionally, where necessary, we screen customers, potential customers and suppliers to ensure that our products and services cannot be used to facilitate money laundering or terrorist activity. If you have any questions about our internal anti-money laundering process and procedure, consult the Legal Department.  Social Media  Unless you are authorized by the Company, you are discouraged from discussing the Company as part of your personal use of social media. While business should only be conducted through approved channels, we understand that social media is used as a source of information and as a form of communicating with friends, family and workplace contacts.

C - 8  When you are using social media and identify yourself as a Company employee, officer or  director or mention the Company incidentally, for instance on a Facebook page or professional  networking site, please remember the  following:    Never disclose confidential information about the Company or its business, customers or  suppliers.    Make clear that any views expressed are your own and not those of the Company.    Remember that our policy on Equal Opportunity, Non - Discrimination  and Fair  Employment applies to social media sites.    Be respectful of your colleagues and all persons associated with the Company, including  customers and suppliers.    Promptly report to the Company’s corporate communications department any social  media cont ent which inaccurately or inappropriately discusses the Company.    Never respond to any information, including information that may be inaccurate about the  Company.    Never post documents, parts of documents, images or video or audio recordings that  have bee n made with Company property or of Company products, services or people or  at Company functions or events.  Professional Networking  Online networking on professional or industry sites, such as LinkedIn, has become an important and effective way for colleagues to stay in touch and exchange information. Employees, officers and directors should use good judgment when posting information about themselves or the Company on any of these services. What you post about the Company or yourself will reflect on all of us. When using professional networking sites, you should observe the same standards of professionalism and integrity described in our code and follow the social media guidelines outlined above.  Government Inquiries  The Company cooperates with government agencies and authorities. Forward all requests for information, other than routine requests, to the Legal Department immediately to ensure that we respond appropriately. All information provided must be truthful and accurate. Never mislead any investigator. Do not ever alter or destroy documents or records subject to an investigation.  Review  The Board shall review this Code annually and make changes as appropriate.


</Retail_China_Tencent Music Entertainment_2019.pdf>