This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Retail_Korea_LX Pantos_2022.pdf>

LX  Code of Ethics  Standards for valuation and ethical behavior  to be observed by all LX  managers  and  employees

1  LX  Code of Ethics  Chapter 1  Responsibilities and Obligations to Customers  Chapter 2  Fair Competition  Chapter 3  Fair Transactions  Chapter 4  Basic Ethics of Employees  Chapter 5  Corporate Responsibilities for Employees  Chapter 6  Responsibilities to the Environment, Society and Shareholders  Contents

2  Duties of Employees  (1) All company employees shall learn their roles, acknowledge and observe the LX Code  of Ethics and corresponding regulations, and practice  Jeong - Do Management when  executing business duties.  (2) All company employees shall promptly report to the  Ethics Bureau 1 )  in accordance with  the specified procedure when they or others violate the Code of Ethics.  ①  Employees can elect to report ethics violations directly to their supervisors before submitting to  the Ethics Bureau. Supervisors must then report to the responsible executive prior to submitting  relevant facts to the Ethics Bureau according to procedures governing report content.  ②  All company employees shall acknowledge that ignorance of the LX Code of Ethics and  corresponding regulations does not exempt them from their responsibilities.  (3) All company employees must complete the  「 Jeong - Do Management Pledge of  Practice 」  and submit to the Company on a periodic basis.  Guidelines for Practice  1)  Ethics Bureau  is an organization responsible for performing general duties in support of "Jeong - Do" Management and  ensuring compliance with the Code of Ethics.

3  ①  The  「 Jeong - do Management Pledge of Practice 」  shall be filled and submitted when  joining the Company or being promoted.  ②  Method for submitting the  「 Jeong - Do Management Pledge of Practice 」  (online &  offline), and the management department shall be determined by each company.  ③  Standard Form  Jeong - do Management Pledge of Practice  (Executives and Employees)  Duties of Employees  Jeong - do Management Pledge of Practice  In conducting business tasks, I hereby pledge to obey the following  1.  To  respect team  members,  work  towards mutual development with  business partners through fair  transaction,  create and  provide the  best  value to customers  through  fair competition  and to work  hard to fulfil  responsibilities  and  obligations related to  stakeholders and  society.  2.  To  create an  intern  Jeong - do Management culture as  a  LX  Employee and  to  work  hard  to  fulfill  responsibilities and  duties in  order to  practice the  Jeong - do Management.  3.  I  understand that ignorance of  laws and  regulations relevant to  my  duties does not  exempt me  from  responsibilities. I  promise to  obey and  never violate Regulations including the  LX  Code  of  Ethics and  all  obligations relating to  compliance issues  including what  is  required under antitrust law.  4.  Unfair transactions, illegal actions or  irregularities by  LX  Employees must  be  reported immediately to  the  Company.  Likewise, unfair transactions, illegal actions or  irregularities by  business partners must  also  be  reported immediately to  the  Company.  5.  I  shall perform my  duties to  cooperate, including the  submission of  materials requested by  the  Company  (including documents, e - mails and  any  other electric files stored in  the  Company PC  or  VDI),  in  case of  regular and  irregular investigations of  unfair transactions and  illegitimate/improper acts that  violate the  LX  Code  of  Ethics or  any other compliance obligations.  6.  I  shall bear full responsibility for  all  consequences that  may  arrive from  my  actions if  I  violate this agreement.  Date  .  .  Department  Employee no.  Name

4  Chapter 1  Responsibilities and Obligations to Customers  1. Respecting Customers  We value the opinions of our customers and validate their true needs at all times.  We regard our customers as the primary standard for our decisions and conduct.  LX Code of Ethics  Guidelines for Practice  (1)  Customers have top priority, thus all cases are to be judged and evaluated from the  viewpoint of consumers.  (2)  Do not engage in unethical acts that can damage the customer's benefits.  (3)  Maintain confidentiality of all information regarding customers. Do not disclose such  information or use it for other purposes without receiving prior consent from the  customer or as regional by applicable law.

5  2. Creating Value  (1)  Generate innovative and differentiated ideas.  (2)  Stay one step ahead of customers and anticipate their needs effectively.  (3)  Always search for better ways to accomplish your tasks and goals.  (1)  We work hard to create value for our customers. Through customer satisfaction, we  can build the foundation of our sustainable prosperity.  (2)  We continuously create practical value that fully benefits and satisfies our customers.  Chapter 1  Responsibilities and Obligations to Customers  LX Code of Ethics  Guidelines for Practice

6  (1)  Provide accurate information to enable customers to select the best products and  services.  (2)  Provide the best products and services that exceed customers’ expectations.  (3)  For items that require safety precautions, make sure that customers have the  information needed to fully understand the details.  (4)  Ensure customers do not feel dissatisfied due to defective products or by providing poor  service, etc. Respond promptly and accurately to reasonable requests of refund,  exchange or services.  (1)  We are always true to our customers and never fail to keep our word.  (2)  We offer the highest quality products and services at affordable prices and respond to  customers’ requests promptly and accurately.  3. Providing Value  Chapter 1  Responsibilities and Obligations to Customers  LX Code of Ethics  Guidelines for Practice

7  Chapter 2  Fair Competition  1. Pursuing Free Competition  (1)  Acquire general information on competitors through fair methods that will not be  subjected to social criticism.  (2)  Perform all types of activities to increase competitive advantage through fair principles  and methods.  ①  Do not plagiarize or infringe on competitors’ tangible/intangible assets.  ②  Do not degrade competitors’ status or abuse their weaknesses.  (3) Do not inflict damage to customers and other businesses by unfairly colluding with  competitors to set sales prices, sales conditions or market allocation.  (4) Obey regulations and guidelines related to fair transactions, and immediately inform  related department(s)in cases of infringement or possible infringement.  (1)  We uphold the principles of the free market economic system and pursue open  competition around the world. We earn our customers’ trust through top - quality products  and services.  (2)  We compete fairly and capably with our competitors and do not interfere with their  interests or exploit their weaknesses.  LX Code of Ethics  Guidelines for Practice

8  [Precautions related to the gathering and use of information]  ▪  Gathering confidential information on competitors from customers or subcontractors  is prohibited  ▪  When employing staff from previous competitors, do not under any circumstances  gather confidential information or request consultation from competitors  ▪  It is prohibited to provide information gathered directly from competitors  -  Gathering information from competitors can be misunderstood as mutual consent with  competitors  ▪  It is prohibited to gather illegal information through survey agencies, consulting  companies and other specialists  [Precautions related to the prohibition of unfair mutual consent]  ▪  Prohibition of mutual consent of prices and bidding with competitors  -  Agreement related to price calculation methods or the setting of prices, margin rate, etc.  -  Agreement related to successful bidder, bidding price, etc. in bids  ▪  Prohibition of mutual consent limiting product types, transaction quantities and  production facilities, etc.  -  Limitation of product/service types and quantities or expansion of production facilities, etc.  ▪  Prohibition of mutual consent limiting competitors and transaction regions or  transaction partners  -  Assignment of sales regions, allotment and fixing of traders, etc.  ▪  Prohibition of exchange of business information with competitors without previous  examination with the judicial affairs department  ▪  Prohibition of attending meetings with ambiguous purposes with competitors  -  Can become an evasion of agreement or exchange of information, etc. with managers and  employees of competitors  Chapter 2  Fair Competition

9  (1)  Compete through fair methods while respecting the regulations and business customs  and practices of related regions.  (2)  Comply with all rules and regulations to prevent unfair competition, both nationally and  internationally.  ①  It is prohibited to ask or provide money or anything of value to a public official (directly or indirectly)  in order to receive a special benefit or business advantage.  ②  「 Bribery Prevention Law related to Foreign Officials in International Business Transactions 」  (Prevention Law Against Bribery in Overseas Transactions)  -  It is prohibited to promise, provide or express the intention of providing bribery related to work to  foreign officials directly or indirectly with the purpose of gaining unfair advantages related to  international transactions  ③  However, actions which do not violate the law and are within the boundaries of socially accepted  can be excepted.  (3) All employees shall complete and submit the  「 Pledge of Compliance to Bribery  Prevention Laws 」  We conduct our domestic and overseas business activities in strict accordance with local  laws and regulations, and with respect to local business customs.  2. Complying with Laws and Regulations  Chapter 2  Fair Competition  LX Code of Ethics  Guidelines for Practice

10  ①  All employees must complete and submit the  「 Pledge of Compliance to Bribery  Prevention Laws 」  when joining the company or being promoted.  ②  The department and methods (online & offline) related to the  「 Pledge of Compliance to  Bribery Prevention Laws 」  shall be determined by each company.  ③  Standard form  [Pledge of Compliance to Bribery Prevention Laws]  Pledge of Compliance to Bribery Prevention Laws  I pledge to comply with the business principles of this Company based on the concepts of transparent  and fair transaction according to the principles of the free competition through equal participation in the  performance of my duties, and with all rules and regulations related to corruption prevention nationally  and internationally according to the ‘Regulations related to the  Prohibition of Acceptance of Illegal Requests and Money and Valuables, etc.’ and the ‘Bribery  Prevention Law related to Foreign Officials in Overseas Transactions.’  1. I shall observe the company policies regarding bribery in overseas transactions and the prohibition of  bribery in international commercial transactions.  2. I acknowledge the laws and regulations prohibiting bribery in national and overseas transactions and  Company guidelines on prohibiting bribery in national and overseas transactions. I shall not commit  bribery or express any intention to bribe foreign officials, etc. for the purpose of illegitimate gains  regarding international commercial transactions.  3. I shall fulfill my duties to monitor and supervise transactions to prevent bribery of foreign officials by  overseas affiliates, or other third parties in international commercial transactions, in compliance with  the laws and regulations on prohibiting bribery in overseas transactions and company guidelines.  4. I acknowledge that the Company will face losses and damages if the laws and regulations on  prohibiting bribery, or the Company guidelines are violated. I shall not raise any objection to any  punishment and/or restitutions the Company may impose on me for any violation of the related laws  committed by myself.  Date  .  .  Department  Employee no.  Name  Chapter 2  Fair Competition

11  (1)  Establish and utilize general regulations and systems related to the [Business Partner  Selection Process] to select and register business partners based on a fair and  transparent evaluation criteria in all transactions.  (2)  The [Business Partner Selection Process] shall include detailed evaluation items and  methods and the selection shall take into consideration characteristics of the business.  (3)  Provide fair opportunities to all business applicants according to the principles and  procedures established by the Company. Additionally, specific companies cannot receive  preferential treatment or experience disadvantage without a legitimate reason during the  selection process.  (1)  LX offers equal opportunities to all qualified companies seeking to become our  business partners.  (2)  We register and select all applicants in a systematic manner according to a fair and  objective evaluation process.  Chapter 3  Fair Transactions  1. Equal Opportunity  LX Code of Ethics  Guidelines for Practice

12  ▪  Prohibition of participation limitations  -  Limitations to transaction partners or transaction areas cannot be applied without  clear reasons in the selection or exclusion of specific companies  ▪  Prohibition of rejection of unilateral transactions  -  Rejection of transactions without concrete reason such as legal issues or  disqualifications according to the Company’s regulations  ▪  Prohibition of discrimination  -  The application of different delivery price, quality conditions, etc. without reason in  order to favor or punish specific companies, or adjust supply at ones’ discretion, or  adjust priority order of transactions.  ▪  Prohibition of requests  -  Receiving or offering favors to the person responsible or third parties with the  purpose of influencing the selection of partners  ※  The acceptance of favors related to the business received from internal or  external members must be reported immediately to the  Ethics Bureau  [Precautions Related to the Selection of Business Partners]  Chapter 3  Fair Transactions

13  (1)  Mutually agreed transaction terms based on coexisting principles must be obeyed  through collaboration with business partners, and sound opinions for the improvement  and innovation of transactions shall be reflected in duties.  (2)  Regulations related to fair treatment during transactions with business partners and  the unfair use of higher positions, mistreatment, etc. must be obeyed.  (3)  Influence to obtain preferential treatment or to cause disadvantage shall not be  exercised in specific companies without a fair reason.  (4)  Compensate business partners fairly for damages caused by errors on our part.  (5)  Inevitable alterations to the transaction terms with business partners must be reported  to the executive board and the superior before being approved according to the  procedures established by the Company; obtain agreement from the business partner  when necessary.  (6)  Approval  from  the  other  party  must  be  obtained  when  using  its technology  or  assets,  and  all  information  from  business partners  provided  for  the  transaction  must  not  be  revealed externally  without  a  written  approval  by  the  business  partner. Losses  to  the  operating  activities  of  the  related  business partner  or  to  the  outflow  of  human  resources  cannot  be  caused by  the  provision  of  such  information  to  competitors.  (1)  We conduct all business transactions under equitable circumstances. The terms and  procedures of the transaction are thoroughly discussed between the parties involved.  (2)  We never engage in any form of unfair transaction taking advantage of any superior  position.  (3)  We exchange transaction information through appropriate procedures in a timely  manner. Transaction results are evaluated on a regular basis and mutual cooperation  measures are taken.  2. Fair Transaction Process  LX Code of Ethics  Guidelines for Practice  Chapter 3  Fair Transactions

14  [Precautions Related to Fair Trade Procedure]  ▪  Unfair transaction refusal prohibition  -  Discontinuing transactions with business partners or notably decreasing  transactions without cause  ▪  Discriminatory treatment prohibition  -  The action of unfairly discriminating prices, transaction conditions, etc. according  to the transaction partner  ▪  Prohibition of forced transaction  -  Selling products or services by force to customers of competitors, such as tie - in  sale, etc.  ▪  Prohibition of status abuse during transactions  -  Selling products or services by force to those who have no intention of purchasing  them  -  Forced provision of economic benefits in return for transactions, or  disadvantageous treatment during the transaction  -  Interfering with business partner’s management activities, such as HR  management, production, and transactions without just cause  ▪  Prohibition of conditional detention transactions  -  Requesting the condition of not making transactions with competitors or other  companies, or limiting the transaction area or transaction partners  ▪  Prohibition of disturbance of business activities  -  The action of unfairly disturbing business activities of other parties such as the  unfair use of technology, unfair employment of personnel, moving of business  clients, etc.  ▪  Prohibition of unfair support related to specific companies  -  The action of providing excessive support to specific companies through unfair  capital, assets, products, personnel support or addition of transaction levels,  etc ,  causing relative disadvantage to other companies  Chapter 3  Fair Transactions

15  (1) Establish and implement standards for supporting and helping the development of  business partners.  (2) Standards for helping the development of business partners must state the  requirements of business partners and include detailed operational standards, such as  technical support and managerial guidance.  (3) Any profit generated from technical support or managerial guidance shall be fairly  shared.  (4) To ensure that business partners adopt the Jeong - Do Management, the  「 Jeong - Do  Management Pledge of Practice 」  must be submitted and administered accordingly.  (1)  We support the long - term growth of our dealers and vendors by enhancing their  competitiveness through technological and managerial assistance. We share the profits  derived from business innovations.  (2)  We pursue mutual efforts and cooperate with our business partners in promoting a  healthy business environment and maintaining fair business processes.  3. Pursuing Mutual Growth  LX Code of Ethics  Guidelines for Practice  Chapter 3  Fair Transactions

16  Jeong - do Management Pledge of Practice  We as a business partner (hereinafter referred as “We” ,  in conducting business ta  sks, hereby pledge to, actively practice the Jeong - Do Management founded upon f  airness, honesty and integrity, to maintain integrity and transparency in all our dea  lings, and to pursue mutual growth by observing the following:  1. We shall not pursue unfair dealings or commit illegitimate/improper acts in any situation during  transactions with your Company.  2. Unfair or irregular actions by managers or employees during transactions with your Company  will be reported immediately as a violation to the Jeong - Do Management to the report center .  3 . We  shall  do  our  duties  to  cooperate,  including  submission  of  materials  requested  by  the  Company  (e.g.  documents  required  for  investigation  of  unfair  dealings  or  illegitimate/improper  acts),  when  We  are  requested  to  cooperate  in  an  investigation  of  unfair  dealings  and  illegitimate/improper  acts.  4. With  our  keen  respect  to  LX’s  Jeong - Do  Management,  We  are  fully  aware  that  eliminating  all  unfair  dealings  and/or  acts  of  corruption  is  critical  to  ensure  that  our  business  dealings  with  the  Company  are  carried  out  in  fair  terms  and  conditions.  Therefore,  We  acknowledge  that  our  compliance  with  this  agreement  constitutes  a  critical  element  for  our  contractual  and  cooperative  relationship  with  the  company.  If  We  violate  this  agreement,  We  shall  bear  responsibility  for  all  consequences,  but  not  limited  to,  termination  of  our  contract.  ☞  Two copies of this Agreement shall be made, one is to be held by the business partner and the  other is to be submitted to the Company.  Date  .  .  Department  Employee no.  Name  ① The department and methods (online & offline) related to the  「 Jeong - Do Management  Pledge of Practice 」  shall be determined by each subsidiary.  ②  The Ethics Bureau shall supervise the receipt of the  「 Jeong - Do Management Pledge  of Practice 」  from business partners, and the management levels.  ③  Standard form  [Jeong - do Management Pledge of Practice (for business partners)  ]  Chapter 3  Fair Transactions

17  Chapter 4  Basic Ethics of Employees  1. Basic Ethics of Employees  (1)  LX Employees are proud of the Company and always act honestly and fairly.  (2)  LX Employees strive a high standard of morality and continuously strive to maintain  their personal dignity and the Company’s honor.  (1) ) LX Employees shall strive to behave morally and ethically to maintain the honor of LX  Employees.  (2) LX Employees must obey the law or the Company’s employment regulations and shall  not damage the Company’s name due to individual unfair practice not acceptable as a  social practice.  (3) LX Employees shall not hinder a healthy organizational environment by starting and  spreading rumors or creating an atmosphere of distrust.  ①  Verbal abuse/violence, sexual harassment, bullying or antisocial words or actions, etc. through the  SNS (Social Networking Service) or online media.  ②  Excessive cash loans out of social conventions between employees within the Company.  ③  Disorderly private life that may influence negatively duty performance.  (4) Gift giving among employees within the Company is not allowed.  ①  Exchange of presents, flower garlands, etc. due to promotion or transfers, excessive intern  protocols, etc.  LX Code of Ethics  Guidelines for Practice

18  (1)  LX Employees accomplish their duties in accordance with the visions and policies of the  Company.  (2)  LX Employees perform assigned duties in the best possible and professional manner while  obeying relevant regulations.  (3)  LX Employees protect and preserve Company’s properties and maintain confidentiality on  information gained during employment.  (4)  LX Employees openly communicate and cooperate with colleagues and related departments  to enhance work efficiency.  2. Accomplishing Missions  (1) Know Company policies and standards and observe them faithfully when conducting  business tasks.  (2) When conducting business tasks, employees shall clearly understand their mission  and do their best to accomplish the mission, taking responsibility for the results.  (3) When serious situations damaging corporate assets have occurred or could occur,  report them promptly and take appropriate actions.  (4) Maintain confidentiality on all information acquired during employment. Do not disclose  such information without prior consent of LX.  LX Code of Ethics  Guidelines for Practice  Chapter 4  Basic Ethics of Employees

19  3. Self - development  (1)  LX Employees understand the meaning of an ideal employee and constantly strive to  meet these standards through self - development.  (1) Employees shall understand the Company’s visions and targets and actively strive to  acquire required skills in order to achieve them.  (2) Employees shall complete all required training programs, which are critical  components of the Company’s policies.  LX Code of Ethics  Guidelines for Practice  Chapter 4  Basic Ethics of Employees

20  4. Fair handling of Job  (1)  LX Employees carry out their duties based on honesty and fairness, always seeking to  contribute to fostering a sound business culture.  (2)  LX Employees do not accept any form of financial benefits from stakeholders that may  influence their clear judgement.  (3)  LX Employees do not engage or unethical behavior in performing their duties.  (1) Employees shall prepare records and reports accurately and honestly.  ①  The manipulation of documents or figures, or false reporting are subject to corrective action and  judgment by the head of the related department, and should be considered as obvious misconduct  capable of causing substantial harm or losses to the Company.  ②  Ordering the falsification of documents or figures and following it even if knowing it is wrongful are  equally considered as misconduct.  ③  All the accounting documentation including the settlement of accounts must be framed fairly  according to the Tax Law and the Corporate Accounting Standards, before being reported to  concerned persons such as stakeholders, etc.  (2) Regardless the reason, LX Employees or their family members are not allowed to  accept or request benefits 1)  from stakeholders, and if such are accepted due to  unavoidable circumstances, it shall be reported according to related procedures.  ①  As a rule, private transactions with stakeholders shall not be conducted.  ②  Details not specified in the contract with stakeholders cannot be required directly or indirectly.  1) Benefits from concerned parties are all types of actions recognized as bribery.  Please refer to the Forms of Prohibition for detailed contents.  LX Code of Ethics  Guidelines for Practice  Chapter 4  Basic Ethics of Employees

21  (3) Unfair transactions such as unfair share acquisition or joint investment, joint assets  acquisition, etc. related to stakeholders 1)  that LX can exercise influence over.  ①  The ownership of stocks of interested parties, joint investment, joint assets acquisition, etc., must  be reported according to predetermined procedures and handled as necessary.  ②  If this regulation is violated, the value related to the share based on the real ownership relation can  be considered as received from the stakeholder.  ③  If the share is recognized as non - reported, the employee is responsible for all civil and criminal  liabilities, and the transaction relations between the Company and the related business partner can  also be severed.  (4) Employees shall perform the duties of their positions and titles, and should not be  involved in activities (even in private) that may incur losses to the Company or harm its  reputation.  ①  Possible risks must be recognized in advance, duties must be performed with care and attention,  and problems must be handled with a sense of responsibility. Managers must strive to supervise  the work of subordinates.  ②  Unfair actions by employees must be ensured to do not reoccur or expand by sharing the fact with  the related superior or the related department immediately, and effort must be made to solve the  matter.  ③  Unfair directions or requirements related and unrelated to duties by the abuse of position or rights  are not allowed.  ④  Decisions out of one’s duty rights and responsibility limits, or promises not possible to be kept are  not allowed.  1) Companies  registered  as  a  business  partner  and  companies  that  the  Company  has  influence  on  even  if  not  registered  directly  as  a  business  partner.  Guidelines for Practice  Chapter 4  Basic Ethics of Employees

22  [Forms of Document and Figures Manipulation and Unfair Reporting  ]  ▪  Manipulation of documents and figures  -  Use of untruthful contents or numerical values  • Data related to bid or Company’s results such as production, sales, etc., data about external  market, etc.  ▪  Delete, dispose documents at one’s discretion  -  The action of correcting, deleting or disposing documents at one’s discretion  before the preservation period expires according to laws and LX's management  standards.  -  The action of concealing, deleting or disposing evidence data related to bid  documentation, approval request, etc.  ▪  Unfair reporting  -  Reporting unfair contents to the Company management or superiors  -  Submitting or stating untruthful contents requested by the internal audit  department such as the Jeong - Do Management Organization, etc.  -  Transmitting untruthful contents to external stakeholders  -  The action of manipulating information intentionally to induce misunderstanding by  the information recipient, and reporting contents falsely  -  The action of concealing facts or delaying or omitting reports  Chapter 4  Basic Ethics of Employees

23  [Forms of Prohibited Money, Acceptance of Gifts  ]  ▪  Money / Tuition fees  -  Cash, checks and other marketable securities  -  Receiving tuition fees for lecturing in events organized by concerned parties  ▪  Presents  -  Goods, vouchers of facilities, services, gift cards, admission tickets, sales  promotions or discounts limited to specific persons, etc.  ▪  Expenditure for congratulatory and condolence events  -  Acceptance of congratulatory and condolences money or gifts (flower garlands,  gold rings celebrating the baby’s 1st birthday, etc.)  ▪  Borrowing / purchase / sales  -  Hire, set mortgages, free acceptance, purchase, etc. of assets owned by  stakeholders such as movable assets / real estate,  etc  ▪  Debt redemption  -  Payment of private debts such as credit card bills, credit payment, loans, etc. or  repayment by proxy  Chapter 4  Basic Ethics of Employees

24  [Report Procedures of Money or Gifts Acceptance]  Return directly  (bank transfer, delivery  service, deliver directly, etc.)  Provision of money or gift  (including money or gifts to congratulate special dates  or for condolence/ flower garlands)  Completed  Judge the possibility  of return  Report to the department  superior and to the Ethics  Bureau  Enclose a  return letter under the name of  the department superior  (sending by e - mail is also  acceptable)  Report to the department  superior and to the Ethics  Bureau  Attach evidence of the return  (transfer confirmation, delivery  service receipt, return e - mail,  etc.)  Donate before reporting  to the Ethics Bureau in case of  perishable gifts  Announce (exceptions possible)  contents related to the provider  and enclose the name of the  department superior (sending  by e - mail is also acceptable)  Product handling by the  Ethics Bureau  ( interna  auction / donation to  welfare facilities, etc.)  YES  NO  Chapter 4  Basic Ethics of Employees

25  [Forms of Prohibited Meals, Entertainment and Convenience Acceptance]  ▪  Burden of expenses  -  The action of allowing concerned parties to bear with eating and drinking  expenses and other private expenses  ▪  Meals  -  Receiving socially unaccepted treats for business negotiations  ▪  Unhealthy business  -  Entering unhealthy businesses and speculation business (casino, etc.)  ▪  Sports / trips  -  Gatherings for entertainment with stakeholders except for official events must be  written approval (Golf, ski, fishing, traveling, etc.)  -  Events unrelated to the Company’s work invited by the stakeholders  ·Training with the purpose of domestic or international tourism/ seminars, etc.  ▪  Acceptance of convenience  -  Accepting convenience from concerned parties or, requesting the provision of  convenience from concerned parties  ·Training with the purpose of domestic or international tourism/ seminars, etc.  ▪  Sponsorship / support  -  Asking or accepting sponsorship for the Company or department’s events  ·Money, goods,  etc  ▪  Future guarantee  -  Promising or guaranteeing employment after retirement from stakeholders  -  Promising transactions after retirement with Stakeholders  Chapter 4  Basic Ethics of Employees

26  [Report Procedures of Meals, Entertainment and Convenience Acceptance]  Remit payment after handling it  as the Company’s expenses  Acceptance of Meals, Entertainment and Convenience  Completed  Judge the  relationship with the  Company’s work  Remit payment from personal  finances  YES  NO  Report to the department  superior and the Ethics Bureau  Send evidence to the  Ethics Bureau (transfer  confirmation, etc.)  Chapter 4  Basic Ethics of Employees

27  [Forms of Prohibited Share Participation of Business Partners]  ▪  Stocks  -  Holding of stocks from all business partners with transactions with the Company  -  Including all cases when the Company can exercise influence when considering  the relationship when the company is not registered as a business partner  ▪  Joint investment / joint asset acquisition  -  Acquisition of movable and immovable assets by joint investment of capital with  stakeholders by the Company employees and their family members  . Membership such as condominium, golf, health club, etc., real estate investment,  etc.  - The action of owning business partners through transaction relations with the  Company by joint investment with stakeholders under the name of the Company  employees and their family members  ▪  Concurrent job with business partners  -  The action of being registered as a Director in the company of stakeholders or,  having a concurrent job and performing real duties to the related company  Chapter 4  Basic Ethics of Employees

28  [Report Procedures of Share Participation of Business Partners]  Arrange immediately and prohibit  future sales  Business partner share (stocks, bonds, etc.) ownership 1)  Completed  YES  NO  Judge the possibility  of report  Report to the Ethics Bureau  YES  Report the arrangement results  to the Ethics Bureau  (attach evidence)  Judge the necessity  of arrangement  1) Including ownership under the name of family members (parents, spouse, children, siblings and the parents and siblings of  the spouse), and borrowed names.  Chapter 4  Basic Ethics of Employees

29  (1)  Employees shall not engage in the management of or invest in businesses that are in  direct/indirect competition with the Company.  (2)  Employees shall submit a report in advance and obtain approval if employed by another  company or perform business tasks similar to the Company tasks in another company.  Additionally, normal or fair work cannot be disrupted by the management of private  businesses.  (3)  If relatives of employees know stakeholders of the Company, the fact must be informed  to the department superior. Contradictions with the stakeholders shall be avoided by  changing duties, etc.  (4)  Tangible/intangible corporate assets and expenses must be used for the Company’s  business activities and for authorized purposes only according to related regulations.  ①  If used for personal purposes, report the fact to the department superior and executive; related  expenses must be repaid to the Company according to the applicable regulations.  (1)  LX Employees avoid personal behaviors or relationships that are in conflict with the  Company’s interests.  (2)  LX Employees do not use the Company properties to pursue personal interests.  5. Avoiding Conflict of Interests with the Company  Chapter 4  Basic Ethics of Employees  LX Code of Ethics  Guidelines for Practice

30  (5) All internal and external information related to work may only be used for authorized  purposes and within permitted limits according to related regulations.  ①  Confidential and property information of the Company must be protected from unauthorized  disclosure.  ②  Legal approval procedures and security principles must be obeyed when sharing information with  others.  ③  Information protection includes the Company’s intellectual properties, personal information and  information about third parties.  (6) Potential conflicts of interest with the Company and cases where judgment is difficult  should be reported to the person in charge as well as the Ethics Bureau before being  suitably handled.  Chapter 4  Basic Ethics of Employees  Guidelines for Practice

31  [Forms of Document and Figures Manipulation and Unfair Reporting]  ▪  Misappropriation and Improper use of Tangible assets  -  Fixed Assets: exclusive & unauthorized use of tangible assets, especially to  generate private profits, with the exception of tangible assets used for business  purposes, such as land, building, installation, machines, etc.  -  Work assets: unauthorized use of assets for work such as vehicles, PC, expensive  supplies, office supplies, etc., provision to family members, transferring of  maintenance costs  -  Corporate card: exclusive expense accounts, personal use, etc.  ▪  Improper use of Intangible assets  -  Using intangible assets for personal use or providing them to competitors through  disclosure of business/confidential information, product design or information  systems etc.  -  Gathering of information utilizing one’s position or personal profit - making activities  using knowledge  . Approval is required from a superior executive when external lectures, business,  consulting, etc. are necessary for work based on knowledge obtained from the  Company  ▪  Misappropriation and Improper use of public money  -  Private misappropriated donation of public money to stakeholders through  unauthorized withdrawal of public money, personal loan, manipulation of accounting  ledger, etc.  -  Illegal use of the corporate card (illegal cash - back transaction)  -  Payment of expenses through false receipts  -  Abuse of the expense handling system without evidence (personal use)  -  Unauthorized use or provision of the corporate card to family members/relatives  ▪  Violation of the information security  Chapter 4  Basic Ethics of Employees

32  (1)  The Company shall establish an image of an ideal employee and create policies for  human resources development.  (2)  The Company shall establish and fully promote a system which nurtures its employees to  be voluntary and creative.  (3)  The Company shall assign tasks by taking into account the wishes, aptitudes and  capabilities of each employee and facilitate development of human resources through job  execution.  (4)  The Company shall strive to create a working environment which helps employees  improve their quality of life  Chapter 5  Corporate Responsibilities for Employees  (1)  LX treats each employee with warmth and trust and values every individual’s dignity.  (2)  LX makes every effort to help employees feel pride and personal fulfillment by giving  them a sense of ownership in their jobs.  (3)  LX has established regulations and educational guidelines and takes necessary  actions to assist employees in performing their duties in a fair and effective manner.  1. Respecting Humanity  LX Code of Ethics  Guidelines for Practice

33  (1)  The Company shall not discriminate against its employees’ based on education, gender,  or regional origins in offering opportunities to enhance their capabilities (training, transfer,  promotion, job assignment, etc.), Such opportunities shall be offered fairly.  (2)  The Company shall establish a criteria for evaluating employees talents, abilities and  performance, and conduct fair evaluations in order to motivate self - development and  ensure fair recognition.  (1)  LX offers equal opportunities to all employees based on their abilities and talents.  (2)  LX evaluates the abilities and performance of its employees using fair means and  rewards.  2. Fair Treatment  LX Code of Ethics  Guidelines for Practice  Chapter 5  Corporate Responsibilities for Employees

34  (1)  LX makes every effort to create a working environment conducive to creative thinking  and autonomous behavior.  (2)  LX actively develops employee abilities and manages its human resources based on a  long - term plan.  (3)  LX respects personal lifestyles and creates a developed organizational culture through  mutual trust and understanding.  3. Promoting Creativity  (1)  The Company shall establish a system and corporate culture that encourages  employees to freely express their suggestions, opinions and complaints.  ①  Inappropriate discrimination, bullying, sexual harassment, physical or psychological pressure, etc.  must be prevented, and procedures to protect and assist possible victims must be applied.  (2)  The Company shall take the measures necessary to ensure the occupational health and  safety of its employees. In particular, the Company shall take appropriate safety  measures at work sites with hazardous elements.  (3)  The Company shall protect the privacy of its employees as long as the work environment  and public morality are not adversely affected.  (4) The Company shall not force its employees to participate in the activities of particular  religions or political parties, and it shall respect the religious/political convictions of its  employees.  LX Code of Ethics  Guidelines for Practice  Chapter 5  Corporate Responsibilities for Employees

35  (1)  We strive to make our best efforts in preventing environmental pollution and  conserving nature for the preservation of a clean environment.  1. Protecting Environment  (1)  Diligently adhere to all relevant environmental regulations and spare no effort in  environmental protection, including but not limited to mitigating global warming,  conserving energy, and safeguarding water resources.  (2)  Strive to minimize the environmental impact throughout the entire lifecycle of our  products and services, from production and distribution to use and disposal.  (3)  Rigorously implement safety management to prevent accidents and damages resulting  from unforeseen events or disasters.  Chapter 6  Responsibilities for the Environment,  Society and Stockholders  LX Code of Ethics  Guidelines for Practice

36  (1)  We conduct our business with respect for social values as integral members of the  community.  2. Compliance with social responsibility  (1)  Respect the ethical values of society, refraining from actions that may harm the  community or create discomfort, and engage in businesses that align with the prevailing  sense of decency among the general public.  (2)  Provide equal employment opportunities to everyone without discrimination based on  race, gender, region, religion, or any other factors.  (3)  Listen to the voices of all segments of society and make efforts to promote the common  good.  LX Code of Ethics  Guidelines for Practice  Chapter 6  Responsibilities for the Environment,  Society and Stockholders

37  (1)  We enhance the company's value through rational and transparent management, while  protecting the interests of our shareholders.  3. Protecting the interests of shareholders  (1)  Respect shareholders' right to information about the company and provide them with  accurate disclosures.  (2)  Protect the interests of minority shareholders by strengthening the independence of  outside directors and ensuring transparent operations of the board of directors.  (3)  LX employees refrain from engaging in unfair stock trading practices to gain profit using  undisclosed internal company information or leaking internal information that could harm  the interests of shareholders.  LX Code of Ethics  Guidelines for Practice  Chapter 6  Responsibilities for the Environment,  Society and Stockholders

38  Supplementary Provisions  Subject of Application  (1)  Companies that are part of the LX subsidiaries group including LX Co., Ltd., and  employees of affiliated companies and managers and employees of overseas  corporations must obey the Code of Ethics and Code of Ethics Guidelines (referred as  ‘Code of Ethics’ hereafter).  (2)  For overseas corporations that LX exercises managerial rights, part of the Code of  Ethics can be changed considering local regulations and customs. However, main  contents must be discussed with the LX Ethics Bureau in advance.  (3)  LX must actively encourage independent third parties 1)  with transactions with LX to  sympathize and participate in the compliance with the contents of the Code of Ethics,  and ensure such contents are reflected in the transaction contracts.  1) Independent third parties: investment companies, business partners, sales agencies, consultants, agents, mediators, etc.


</Retail_Korea_LX Pantos_2022.pdf>