This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Retail_Korea_SK Networks_2023.pdf>

C ode of Ethics  M anagement  no.  SKN Corporate Regulations - Ⅰ - 04  D epartment in  charge  Ethics & Audit Team  E nactment /  amendment  history  February 1,  2007  ( E nacted )  October 1,  2009  ( Amended)  April 1,  2016  ( Amended)  October 1,  2016  ( Amended)  September 1,  2017  ( Amended)  September 1,  2018  ( Amended)  July 1,  2023  ( Amended)  SK  n etworks Co. Ltd.

1  Table of  Contents  Preamble  A rticle 1  ( Attitude toward Customers )  A rticle 2  ( Fundamental Ethics of  Employee s )  A rticle 3  ( Responsibility to  S hareholders )  A rticle 4  ( Relations with Business Partners )  A rticle 5  ( Social Responsibility )  A rticle 6  ( Code of Ethics Practice Guidelines )  Supplementary Provisions

2  Code of Ethics  Preamble  As  employee s of SK  n etworks, we uphold the SK Management System (SKMS) as  the guiding principle of our corporate management. This applies to all employees,  including contract workers and temporary workers, as well as headquarters and  domestic and foreign investment companies  with management rights.  We aim to achieve harmony and balance of happiness among various stakeholders,  such as customers, em ployee s, shareholders, business partners, and society. We  also consider the happiness of both the present and the future generation s, so that  we can ensure long - term sustainability. We play a key role in social and economic  development and further contribute to the happiness of mankind.  To this end, we establish a  C ode of  E thics and use it as a standard for making  decisions and taking  actions in all management activities.  Article 1 (Attitude toward Customers)  We deliver various values to our customers and continuously strive to meet their  expectations, earn their trust, and grow together with them.  ①  We always think and act from the cus tomer ’ s perspective,  putting  customer  value  first .  ②  We  provide  products  and  services  that  customers  can  be  satisfied  and  confident with.  ③  We respect the diverse opinions of our customers and actively incorporate  them into the company ’ s management activities.  ④  We  safeguard  the property and information of our customers in compliance  with relevant laws and regulations.  Article 2 (Fundamental Ethics of  Employees )  Employee s take pride in themselves and perform their duties faithfully with a  sense of responsibility  as representatives of the company.  ①  Employee s clearly separate public and private matters and conduct business  fairly and transparently.

3  ②  Employee s create an organizational culture that respects each other and  w ork s  voluntarily and willingly.  Article 3 (Re sponsibility to Shareholders)  We continuously create shareholder value to enhance corporate value, and for  this purpose, we improve transparency and pursue efficient management.  ①  We  maximize  corporate  value  through  efficient  management  based  on  continuous innovation and share the outcomes with shareholders.  ②  We implement transparent management led by the  B oard of  D irectors and  respect the legitimate requests and suggestions of shareholders.  ③  Ma nagement data shall be prepared in compliance with all laws and standards  and shall be accurately and faithfully disclosed in accordance with relevant  laws and regulations to  safeguard  the interests of shareholders.  Article  4  (Relations with Business Part ners)  We create a fair and competitive ecosystem  with our business partners and  foster mutual development through  a  virtuous  cycle  of cooperation .  ①  We provide fair opportunities for business partners, refrain from engaging in  unfair acts using our superior  position ,  and pursue mutual interests and joint  development.  ②  We  compete  in  good  faith  based  on  the  spirit  of  mutual  respect  with  competitors.  Article 5 (Social Responsibility)  We  grow  together  with  society  by  performing  various  roles ,  such  as  environmental  protection,  job  creation,  quality  of  life  enhancement,  and  contribution to the local community.  ①  We comply with the laws and regulations of the regions in which we operate  our business  and respect local culture.  ②  We actively participat e in e co - friendly management and social contribution  activities to ensure the  happiness  of the whole society.  ③  We do not discriminate against any stakeholders in the business area and do  not engage in political activities ,  such as using the company ’ s assets  for  political purposes.  Article 6 ( Code of Ethics Practice Guidelines )  To ensure that  employee s can correctly interpret and apply this Code of Ethics, the  accompanying  “ Code of Ethics Practice Guidelines ”  are established and enforced,  and  it  ha s  the same  effect as this Code of Ethics.

4  S upplementary Provisions  1.  T his Code of Ethics  will take effect from February 1, 2007.  2.  T his amended Code of Ethics will come into force from  October 1, 2009.  3.  T his amended Code of Ethics will come into force from April 1,  2016.  4.  T his amended Code of Ethics will come into force from Oc tober  1, 2016.  5.  T his amended Code of Ethics will come into force from September 1, 2017.  6.  T his amended Code of Ethics will come into force from September 1, 2018.  7.  T his amended Code of Ethics will  come into force from July 1, 2023.  [ E nd of Document ]


</Retail_Korea_SK Networks_2023.pdf>