This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Retail_Indonesia_Multitrend Indo_2023.pdf>

B.  VISION  AND  MISSION  PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk  Code  of  Conduct  PT  MULTITREND  INDO  TBK ’ s  CODE  OF  CONDUCT  A.  INTRODUCTION  PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk ’ s  Code  of  Conduct  sets  out  the  principles  and  standards  that  guide  us  to  the  way  we  do  business  by  ways  of  ensuring  we  are  consistently  and  instinctively  do  the  right  thing.  Our  business  oblige  us  to  comply  with  the  law,  adherence  to  our  own  policies  and  principles,  exercise  good  stewardship  of  our  assets  and  the  environment,  and  behave  safely  and  ethically  at  all  times.  All  employees  must  follow  this  Code  of  Conduct.  By  doing  so,  we  will  ensure  that  our  activities  strengthen  the  business  and  support  the  Core  Values.  Failure  to  comply  with  Code  of  Conduct,  the  company  is  determined  to  take  seriously  and  would  lead  to  disciplinary  action  that  could  be  resulted  up  to  employment  dismissal  and/or  settling  the  cases  through  legal  actions.  PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk ’ s  Vision:  •  To  inspire  and  enrich  life ’ s  journeys.  PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk ’ s  Mission:    We  strive  to  grow  a  high-performance  organization  with  world  class  infrastructure  that  serves  as  a  springboard  for  our  brands.    We  commit  to  understand  our  customers,  their  needs  and  exceed  expectations  at  all  levels.    We  provide  a  best-in-class  seamless  omni-channel  experience  and  accessibility  to  our  products  and  services.    We  deliver  leading  brands  to  our  customers  through  relentless  innovation  and  search  for  excellence.    We  attract,  develop  and  retain  the  best  talent  to  deliver  outstanding  service.  C.  CORE  VALUES  All  employees  are  required  to  implement  the  PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk ’ s  Core  Values  (iGROW)  as  following  in  order  to  realize  the  achievement  of  an  appropriate  and  ethical  behavior  model.  Page  1  of  6

PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk  Code  of  Conduct  1 st :  Integrity  and  Passion  We  act  with  integrity!  We  follow  through  on  our  promises  and  value  heartfelt  commitment.  We  approach  life  with  zest  and  energy.  2 nd :  Gracious  and  Humble  We  respect  each  other  and  act  with  humility.  We  collaborate  and  value  opinions.  3 rd :  Recognition  and  Kindness  We  value  every  contribution  and  recognize  that  everyone  has  potential  to  make  a  difference.  4 th :  Optimism  and  Excellence  We  believe  in  the  best  and  perform  at  the  highest  level!  We  demonstrate  domain  expertise  and  professionalism  in  everything  we  do.  5 th :  We  are  Family  (1 st )  We  celebrate  our  many  families  as  a  core  of  our  life ’ s  journey.  D.  CODE  OF  CONDUCT  Several  important  aspects  considered  to  be  regulated  in  the  PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk ’ s  Code  of  Conduct  in  dealing  with  its  internal  and  external  stakeholders  must  include  the  following:  1.  Compliance  with  the  Law    We  must  always  obey  and  enforce  the  laws  and  regulations  prevailing  in  the  Republic  of  Indonesia.    All  employees  must  observe  and  comply  with  the  applicable  laws  and  company  guidelines.    All  employees  understand,  respect  and  implement  PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk ’ s  core  values  (refer  to  PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk  Core  Values)  and  norms  in  society,  so  that  all  actions  and  decisions  to  be  taken  are  based  on  our  responsibility  to  company  and  the  community  at  large.  2.  Fraud  Fraud  is  any  dishonest  conduct  (abuse  of  position/position  or  deviation)  aimed  at  extracting  funds/property/resources  of  another  person/organization  through  logic,  deceit,  deception,  cunning,  disappearance,  wrong  suggestion,  concealment  or  method.  Other  deliberate  actions  by  a  person/some  who  result  in  losses  of  the  organization/  others  and/or  profits  the  fraudster.  All  employees  are  forbidden  to  commit  fraud,  including  but  not  limited  to  the  following:  a.  Fraudulent  Statements  -  Fictitious  Revenue  -  Timing  Difference  -  Concealing  Liabilities  and  Assets  -  Improper  Disclosures  -  Improper  Asset  Valuation  Page  2  of  6

PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk  Code  of  Conduct  b.  Asset  Misappropriation  -  Cash  Fraud  o  Cash  Larceny  o  Skimming/Off-Book  Fraud  o  Fraudulent  Disbursements  -  Billing  Schemes  -  Payroll  Schemes  -  Expense  Reimburement  Schemes  -  Check  Tampering  -  Register  Disbursement  -  Inventory  and  All  Other  Assets  o  Inventory  Larceny  Scheme  o  Asset  Requisition  and  Transfer  Scheme  o  False  Billing  and  Purchasing  and  Receiving  Scheme  o  False  Shipping  Scheme  c.  Corruption  -  We  refrain  from  illegal  gratification,  bribery,  economic  extortion  and  any  form  of  corruption.  -  We  always  act  in  the  interest  of  PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk  on  the  basis  of  applicable  laws  and  regulations  and  avoid  conflicts  of  interest.  3.  Proprietary  Information    All  employees  must  keep  the  confidentiality  of  company ’ s  proprietary  information  to  protect  our  financial  and  intellectual  investments.    All  employees  are  not  permitted  to  provide  confidential  data  and  information  to  other  parties,  for  certain  interests  and  interests  of  other  third  parties,  except  with  written  permission  (consent),  which  is  made  under  a  written  non-disclosure  agreement  approved  by  Board  of  Directors/Management.    The  company ’ s  proprietary  information  may  include  but  are  not  limited  to  the  following  categories:  a.  customer,  sales,  marketing  and  other  corporate  databases;  b.  supplier  information  and  pricing;  c.  marketing  plan;  d.  financial  plans  and  forecasts;  e.  sales  performance  or  margin;  f.  employee  personal  records;  g.  research  and  technical  data;  h.  business  ideas,  processes,  proposals  or  strategies;  i.  corporate  purchased  or  developed  software;  j.  trade  secrets;  k.  actual  or  potential  patents,  copyrights  and  trademarks ,  etc .  Page  3  of  6

PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk  Code  of  Conduct  4.  Human  Right    Our  commitment  to  behaving  responsibly  as  a  good  corporate  citizen  is  accomplished  by  running  our  business  with  great  respect  for  human  rights.    We  are  guided  by  the  United  Nations  Universal  Declaration  of  Human  Rights  (www.un.org)  and  Human  Right  regulation  applicable  in  Republic  of  Indonesia.  5.  Health  and  Safety    We  shall  ensure  that  there  are  systems  in  the  work  place  to  detect,  assess,  avoid  and  respond  to  potential  threats  to  the  health  and  safety.    We  shall  take  effective  measures  to  prevent  workers  from  having  accidents,  injuries  or  illnesses.  6.  Child  Labor    PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk  respects  The  UN  Convention  Concerning  A  Child ’ s  Rights.    The  minimum  age  for  general  employees  at  PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk  is  18  years  old.  7.  Respect  Local  Country  Culture  Although  PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk  products  are  a  global  brand,  each  brand ’ s  principal  and  its  employees  should  respect  the  culture  of  the  local  country.  It  is  also  applies  to  all  PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk  local  and  expatriate  employees  who  work  locally  in  Indonesia  or  visit  the  brand's  principal  office  in  their  domicile  country.  8.  Business  Ethics  (refer  to  PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk ’ s  Business  Ethics)  PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk  supports  and  respects  business  ethic  in  the  workplace  including  stakeholder ’ s  interaction .  9.  Discrimination  (refer  to  PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk ’ s  Work  Ethics)    PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk  is  committed  to  keep  the  working  environment  which  is  free  from  discrimination  and  abuse.    PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk  would  never  allow  any  discrimination  against  anyone  based  on  ethnicity,  race,  nationality,  religion,  gender,  age,  disability,  sexual  orientation  or  other  reasons.  E.  BUSINESS  ETHICS  1.  Sales  Practices    When  selling  the  products,  our  communication  must  be  truthful  and  accurate.  When  we  say  something  about  our  products,  we  must  be  able  to  substantiate  it.    We  should  sell  the  quality  in  a  truthful  manner.    We  should  not  disrespect  our  competitors.  2.  Purchasing  Process    We  should  be  fair  and  ethical  while  making  purchasing  decisions.  Page  4  of  6

PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk  Code  of  Conduct    The  Company ’ s  interests  should  come  first.    The  Company ’ s  competitive  bidding  policy  should  be  complied  with.    Unfair  buying  tactics  should  be  avoided.    A  Vendor  should  not  be  taken  advantage  of  through  manipulation,  concealment,  misrepresentation  of  material  facts  or  through  any  other  unfair  practice.  3.  Public  Relation    All  information  disclosed  outside  of  the  company  must  be  accurate,  complete,  consistent,  and  disseminated  in  accordance  with  the  policy.    Social  media  should  not  be  used  to  post  negative  comments  about  the  Company,  superior  and  colleagues.  E.  WORK  ETHICS  1.  Acts  consistently,  in  the  workplace,  according  to  basic  values  of  openness,  honesty  and  avoid  any  kind  of  defamation.  2.  Courage  to  raise  difficult  issues  to  reach  a  decision  and  take  the  responsibility  for  the  outcome.  3.  Acts  to  promote  good  working  relationships  among  coworkers  regardless  of  personal  likes  or  dislikes.  4.  Builds  good  morale  and  cooperation  within  the  team,  including  creating  symbols  of  group  identity  or  other  actions  to  build  cohesiveness  and  avoid  blaming  others.  5.  Acts  on  a  mutual  respect,  being  considerate  and  empathy,  maintains  sound  good  working  relationships  with  others  and  give  a  proper  regard  for  the  dignity  of  a  person  or  position.  6.  The  ability  to  adapt  to  and  work  effectively  within  a  variety  of  situations  and  with  diversity  individuals  or  groups.  7.  Continually  self-assesses  and  seeks  feedback  from  others  to  identify  strengths  and  weaknesses  and  ways  of  improving.  8.  Demonstrates  a  willingness  to  change  ideas  or  perceptions  based  on  new  information  or  contrary  evidence.  Page  5  of  6

PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk  Code  of  Conduct  G.  WHISTLEBLOWING  POLICY  For  the  purpose  of  the  company's  objective  to  apply  professional  conduct  within  the  company,  all  employees  that  sees,  hears,  and/or  knows  unlawful  business  practices,  acts  or  violations  of  this  Code  of  Conduct  must  report  it  through  lapor@kanmogroup.com .  PT  Multitrend  Indo  Tbk  vouch  for  a  safe  and  fear-free  environment  for  everyone  who  will  report  any  case  related  to  a  violation  of  Code  of  Conduct.  Therefore  any  incoming  reports,  as  well  as  investigations  of  reports  will  be  treated  wisely  and  confidentially.  Page  6  of  6


</Retail_Indonesia_Multitrend Indo_2023.pdf>