This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Retail_Korea_CJ CheilJedang_2022.pdf>

OUR PROMISE TO THE GLOBAL COMMUNIT  5  OUR PROMISE TO FELLOW PLAYERS IN THE MARKET  4  OUR PROMISE TO FELLOW CJ EMPLOYEES  3  OUR PROMISE TO SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS  2  OUR PROMISE TO CUSTOMERS  1  2022

OUR PROMISE TO THE GLOBAL COMMUNIT  5  OUR PROMISE TO FELLOW PLAYERS IN THE MARKET  4  OUR PROMISE TO FELLOW CJ EMPLOYEES  3  OUR PROMISE TO SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS  2  OUR PROMISE TO CUSTOMERS  1

4 0  4 4  4 7  5 0  5 4  5 8  6 4  6 6  6 8  7 1  CONTENTS  2 6  2 9  3 3  3 6  0 4  0 6  0 8  1 1  1 6  1 7  1 9  2 1  3  OUR PROMISE TO FELLOW CJ EMPLOYEES  •  We foster an environment where we can work with pride and have  fun.  •  We foster a healthy and safe working environment.  •  We pe rform our work in an honest and lawful manner and with our  best efforts.  •  We t ry to find the right balance between protection of individual  privacy and respect for our co-workers.  4  OUR PROMISE TO FELLOW PLAYERS IN THE MARKET  •  We establish a sound transaction order by competing fairly.  •  We create an industrial ecosystem of shared growth by dealing  fairly with our business partners.  5  OUR PROMISE TO THE GLOBAL COMMUNITY  •  We create shared value and fulfill our corporate social  responsibility.  •  We  realize  social  values  by  respecting  human  rights  and  protecting  the environment.  •  We comply with the anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws from  all over the world.  •  We respect the international trade order and abide by the laws  and regulations of each country.  2  OUR PROMISE TO SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS  •  We keep al l our records accurately and manage them rigorously.  •  We comply with the public disclosure rules and strictly control  insider information.  •  We protect the Company’s assets with care and use them  properly.  •  We comply with the Company’s privacy policy and protect its  confidential information.  •  Why do we need the Code of Conduct?  •  How can we utilize the Code of Conduct?  •  What should I do if I discover a Code of Conduct violation?  •  How can I be protected after reporting a Code of Conduct  violation?  1  OUR PROMISE TO CUSTOMERS  •  Weprovide  ONLYONE  products and services to our customers.  •  We promote and sell our products and services to customers  ethically and honestly.  •  We take our customers’ feedback seriously, and customer  satisfaction is our utmost priority.  •  We protect our customers’ personal information in a secure and  responsible manner.

The CJ Code of Business Conduct (the “Code of  Conduct” ) outlines  CJ’s promise to our stakeholders to put CJ’s Management Philosophy into  practice. The Code of Conduct helps us set the proper direction for conducting business and instills the sense of responsibility we must have as members of a respected and beloved corporation.  WHY DO WE NEED THE CODE OF CONDUCT?  WHY THE CODE  OF CONDUCT IS  NECESSARY  CJ ’ S  MANAGEMENT  PHILOSOPHY  CJ ’ s Founding Philosophy consists of: ①  contributing to  the national economy  (developing the national economy  and improving people's lives through our business);  ②  valuing talent  (treating employees with respect and  creating a business environment that allows them  to maximize their abilities); and ③  pursuing rational  management  (pursuing profit and prosperity through  rational management and technological innovation).  The key concepts above have been passed down and  integrated into CJ ’ s Management Philosophy as follows:  HOW THE  CODE OF  CONDUCT IS  ESTABLISHED  The Code of Conduct is based on CJ ’ s Management  Philosophy and serves as a specific guideline for putting  it into practice. The Code of Conduct clearly suggests  the ethical and lawful behavior for dealing with all those  who have an interest in CJ, namely our customers,  shareholders, colleagues, competitors and business  partners within our supply chain, as well as national and  local communities.  The Code of Conduct requires us to abide by a standard  that is higher than those set by applicable laws when  dealing with stakeholders. In doing so, we will be able  to nurture talented individuals to provide  ONLYONE  products and services and establish an industrial  ecosystem built on mutual respect and shared growth,  achieving our mission and vision in the process.  The Code of Conduct was established with the support  of all CJ employees and the approval of the Board of  Directors. The Code of Conduct may be amended to  keep up with changes in CJ ’ s values and management  philosophy, internal standards, domestic and foreign  policies and regulations. Any amendment to the Code  of Conduct will be made available to all employees and  stakeholders. vision core values principles contributing to the global community by providing the best value with our products and services global lifestyle company inspiring a new life of health, happiness, and convenience integrity . passion . creativity . respect mission cj management philosophy  first best different BUILDING ECOSYSTEMS SHARED VALUE EXCEPTIONAL TALENT STRONG & ADAPTIVE CULTURE SHARED GROWTH TALENT  04 CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT  05 THE PROMISE OF CJ MEMBERS

By understanding and adhering to the Code of Conduct, we can uphold  CJ’s reputation and protect ourselves and the Company from potential  legal and social risks that may arise from violating it.  HOW CAN WE UTILIZE THE CODE OF  CONDUCT?  If you cannot answer affirmatively to all of the above  questions with confidence, then you should not do it.  If you cannot answer definitively, you should seek advice  from those around you. You may consult the Legal/  Compliance Department, or you can also make inquiries  about the Code of Conduct online.  We do business in many countries around the world.  We must comply with the laws and regulations of every  country where we do business, as well as the Code of  Conduct. If something is permitted under the Code of  Conduct but prohibited under local laws and regulations,  or is permitted under local laws and regulations but  prohibited by the Code of Conduct, you should refrain  from such conduct.  CJ EMPLOYEES’  RESPONSIBILITY  UTIL  IZING  THE CODE OF  CONDUCT  The Code of Conduct applies to all CJ employees  worldwide. We must adhere to and comply with the Code  of Conduct at all times when conducting the Company’s  business. Compliance with the Code of Conduct into  practice shall never be subject to compromise,  even for important business reasons such as sticking to  the business plan or achieving profit targets.  This is because the Founding Philosophy of contributing  to the national economy through our business requires  us to do the right thing when faced with legal or ethical  dilemmas in the course of pursuing profit. In addition,  we should encourage third parties acting on behalf of CJ,  such as consultants, agents, and business partners,  to understand and comply with the Code of Conduct as  well.  The Code of Conduct was designed to address the  most common legal and ethical issues we face when we  conduct business or make business decisions. In order to  determine whether or not our actions and decisions are  appropriate, we must first ask ourselves the following:  Are they lawful?  Are they in line with CJ’s Management  Philosophy?  Are they in accordance with the ideology and  the spirit of the Code of Conduct?  Would you be comfortable with your family  finding out?  Appropriate decision and behavior  Are you confident it would not negatively  impact CJ’s stakeholders?  Are you confident it would not damage CJ’s  reputation if reported publicly?  YES  YES  YES  YES  YES  YES  NOT SURE  Inquire online  or offline  at Legal/  Compliance  Department  for help  Regarding  Your Actions  and Decisions  06 CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT  07 THE PROMISE OF CJ MEMBERS

Putting the Code of Conduct into practice includes the responsibility  to actively raise issues and promptly resolve them, even for very minor  suspicions or concerns. Active issue raising not only helps us prevent the  violations in advance, but it also helps us deal with violations that have  already occurred before they lead to more serious harm.  WHAT SHOULD I DO IF I DISCOVER A CODE  OF CONDUCT VIOLATION?  INVESTIGATING  A REPORTED  VIOL  ATION  VIOLATING  THE CODE OF  CONDUCT  REPORTING  A CODE OF  CONDUCT  VIOL  ATION  Violating the Code of Conduct may subject you to internal  discipline, as well as civil and criminal liability. All of the  following constitutes a violation of the Code of Conduct:  •  Making decisions or taking actions that are  inconsistent with CJ’s Management Philosophy and  the Code of Conduct  •  Asking someone else to violate the Code of Conduct  •  Not immediately reporting a known or suspected  violation of the Code of Conduct  •  Failing to cooperate with internal investigations for  a possible Code of Conduct violation  •  Retaliating against someone who reports a Code of  Conduct violation  •  Sabotaging someone from reporting a Code of  Conduct violation and coercing the reporter to  withdraw the report  If you discover a Code of Conduct violation, you may file a  report either under your name or on an anonymous basis.  CJ operates the following channels for accepting reports  on violations of the Code of Conduct, such as website,  e-mail, facsimile, mail, as well as CJ Whistle, and please  refer to the website for each CJ affiliate, as they operate  individual channels for accepting reports.  All reports of Code of Conduct violations are investigated in strict compliance with internal  standards  an d handled under  heightened  security. The reporter, the person being investigated, and any other persons involved must cooperate fully with the investigation. In addition, they must promptly provide all information and documentation related to the matter reported upon request. The reporter is entitled to receive updates on the progress and result of his or her report. If the investigation finds that there was a Code of Conduct violation, the violator will be subject to severe disciplinary action. In addition, the Company will immediately rectify the violation and implement measures to prevent recurrence.  https://www.cj.net/footer/cyber.asp  cjgroupaudit@cj.net / cjwhistle@cj.net  (82) 2-726-8929 (Fax)  Audit Team, CJ THE CENTER 12 Sowol-ro  2-gil Jung-gu, Seoul  08 CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT  09 THE PROMISE OF CJ MEMBERS

We support all efforts to put CJ’s Management Philosophy into  practice and to comply with the Code of Conduct. We ensure strict  confidentiality for the reporter and protect the reporter and those who  assist with the report from any harm because we believe in the need  to establish a work culture in which employees can raise and report  concerns freely and without fear.  HOW CAN I BE PROTECTED AFTER  REPORTING A CODE OF CONDUCT  VIOLATION?  PROTECTING  THE REPORTER  ENSURING  CONFIDEN-  TIALITY  NO HARM OR  RETALIATION  CJ  protect s  those who report misconduct in order to enforce and adhere to the Code of Conduct at all costs. That includes anyone who has actually reported a perceived violation of the Code of Conduct, expressed an intention to report, helped a co-worker to with a report, or participated in or assisted with an investigation. Ensuring anonymity and confidentiality for the reporter is our top priority. Your report will only be shared with those responsible for resolving the issue raised, and we will never disclose your identity or allow any inference of your personal information without your consent. Any unconsented  disclosure relating to a report will be subject to severe discipline.  To encourage people to report violations of the Code of Conduct without fear, we do not allow any form of harm or retaliation to the reporter, including but not limited to the following:  •  Any act that causes emotional or physical harm,  such as bullying, assault, or verbal abuse  •  Unfair HR moves or discrimination in evaluation  RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE REPORTED AND  THE REPORTER  CJ protects everyone who reports a Code of Conduct violation in good faith based on reasonable suspicion. There will be no negative consequence of any kind to the reporter, even if investigation reveals facts different from what was reported. However, if you deliberately submit a false report, lie to investigators, or interfere with or refuse to cooperate with an investigation, you may be subject to discipline under  internal  standards,  as they all constitute violations of the Code of Conduct.  I would like to report a  suspected violation of the  Code of Conduct, but I am  worried that it might affect  me negatively if it turns  out not to be a violation  after investigation. What  should I do if I am hesitant  to report for this reason?  Q  A  CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT 11 10

•  Reducing the available budget or personnel or taking  away training or education opportunities available  to other employees  •  Other forms of discrimination that negatively affect  working conditions  If a reporter suffers harm and retaliation because his/her  identity or what he/she reported is leaked, we will do  our best to promptly restore or provide compensation  commensurate with the harm. We also promise to  severely discipline those who retaliate or cause harm.  PROTECTING THE REPORTER  After reporting a Code of Conduct violation, my manager has been  leaving me out of meetings and bullying me. What should I do in this  situation?  If you are experiencing harm or retaliation after reporting, you should  immediately notify the Company and ask for protection. If harm is found  after a comprehensive review of the circumstances, the Company will  take immediate protective measures for the victim and disciplinary action  against the retaliator.  Q  A  12 THE PROMISE OF CJ MEMBERS  13

The  ONLYONE  spirit is CJ's most important core value of  striving to be the first, best, and different in every way.  Based on this, we are continuously creating new products,  services, systems and businesses not tried by others.  CJ has been constantly creating new industries and  expanding the market in its journey of creation.  We will become a global lifestyle company that brings health,  happiness, and convenience to our customers by providing  the best value with  ONLYONE  products and services.  ”  1  OUR PROMISE  TO CUSTOMERS  “  •  Weprovide  ONLYONE  products and services to our customers.  •  We promote and sell our products and services to customers  ethically and honestly.  •  We take our customers’ feedback seriously, and customer  satisfaction is our utmost priority.  •  We protect our customers’ personal information in a secure and  responsible manner.  OUR PROMISE TO CUSTOMERS  1

If we do something, we must either be the first to do it or be the best at it.  If we cannot be the first or the best, then we must be clearly different.  The core  ONLYONE  values of being the first, best and different are the  source of the competitive edge behind all of CJ’s past, present and future  businesses. We will create the best value for our customers by providing  ONLYONE  products and services because our customers’ satisfaction and  benefit is the most important foundation for sustainable growth.  WE PROVIDE  OnlyOne  PRODUCTS AND  SERVICES TO OUR CUSTOMERS.  INNOVATION  FOR CUSTOMER  SATISFACTION  SUSTAINABLE  PRODUCTION  AND  CONSUMPTION  QUALITY  AND SAFETY  MANAGEMENT  WE PROMOTE AND SELL OUR PRODUCTS AND  SERVICES TO CUSTOMERS ETHICALLY AND  HONESTLY.  ETHICAL  MARKETING  PROVIDING  ACCURATE  INFORMATION  HONEST SALES  The best products and services become even more valuable when they are  sold and provided ethically. Providing accurate information and selling them  ethically are essential to help customers make rational choices and increase  their confidence in our products and services. This is also the best way to  demonstrate integrity, one of CJ’s four main principles. We can maximize customer satisfaction when we provide them with products and services that they truly want. We want the new lifestyle proposed by CJ to make our customers' everyday lives healthier, happier and more convenient. In order to create customer-oriented products and services, we tackle new challenges and seek innovation in every step of the way, from development and planning of products and contents to sales, marketing and delivery of services. Sustainable production and consumption means utilizing the environment and resources in a manner that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs. We strive to provide customers with products and services that are socially and environmentally friendly by  aiming to use re sources efficiently and minimizing the impact to the environment. We comply with the laws and regulations on quality and safety in all countries where we do business, and we strive to provide safe products and services that meet standards that are even higher than those required. In addition, we establish a safety management system that prioritizes the health and safety of our customers, and we strictly adhere to our safety management standards.  THE PROMISE OF CJ MEMBERS  16 We comply with all applicable laws and our corporate procedures regarding marketing and sales. Furthermore, we must carry out our marketing activities in a way that  creates the social values pursued in the Code of Conduct, such as  fair competition, respect for human rights and protection of  the environment. Information about our products and services provided in our packaging, labels, advertisements and sales and promotional materials have a significant influence on our customers. Therefore, all information about CJ’s products and  services must be displayed in a manner that is objective,  reliable, accurate and specific enough for them to understand  easily. We must not deceive our customers with false or  exaggerated advertising. In particular, information about our competitors must be accurately stated based on objective  grounds in order to prevent  custome r confusion.  CJ CODE OF BUS INESS CONDUCT  OUR PROMISE TO CUSTOMERS  1  17

January  July  December  WE TAKE OUR CUSTOMERS’ FEEDBACK SERIOUSLY, AND CUSTOMER SATISFACTION IS OUR UTMOST PRIORITY.  A customer - centric approach begins with listening to our customers and taking their feedback seriously. We constantly communicate with our customers to identify their diverse tastes and individualities and provide products and services that they truly want.  CONVENIENT  ACCESS AND  COMMUNICATION  FOR CUSTOMERS  COMPLIANCE  WITH CUSTOMER  COMMUNICATION  PROCEDURES  REFLECTING  CUSTOMER  FEEDBACK  COMPARATIVE MARKETING WITH  COMPETITORS  We want to advertise our new beverage by comparing its sales to a  competitor’s. If we include the peak season when calculating our sales volume  and base the competitor’s sales on a period that includes the slow season, our  sales numbers will stand out and the ad will be more effective. Does this violate  the Code of Conduct?  Ads that compare sales volume to a competitor’s should be based on  the same period and duration of time. Ads that use incorrect facts about  a competitor’s products or services or compare them under different  conditions not only violate the Code of Conduct, but they constitute illegal  false and exaggerated advertising. However, you must determine whether or  not a particular conduct is permitted based on the laws and regulations of the  country where you are located because the applicable laws and regulations  may vary by country or region even for similar or identical matters.  Q  A OUR PROMISE TO CUSTOMERS  1  We communicate with our customers through a wide variety of channels, beginning in the planning phase for new products and services all the way to the sales, delivery and improvement phases, so that no customer demand ever goes unnoticed. Customer communication channels, such as the website and call centers, must be easy to access and use. We respond to all inquiries, complaints and claims from our customers in a friendly and prompt manner. We  study and abid e by our business process standard on communication with customers so that we can save their valuable time and prevent  misunderstandings.  Rightful demands and reasonable suggestions from our customers help us improve our products and services from their perspective and give us a competitive edge. We will always respect and take our customers’ feedback seriously and actively reflect them to improve customer satisfaction.  CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT 19 18

WE PROTECT OUR CUSTOMERS’ PERSONAL  INFORMATION IN A SECURE AND  RESPONSIBLE MANNER.  We collect, store and use our customers’ personal information in a lawful  manner to better understand their needs and provide products and services  that can provide greater satisfaction for them. Because our customers have  entrusted us with their valuable personal information, we must handle it with  extra security and care.  COMPLIANCE  WITH PRIVACY  LAWS  LAWFUL  PROCESSING  OF PERSONAL  INFORMATION  SAFEKEEPING  OF PERSONAL  INFORMATION  We comply with all applicable laws and regulations regarding privacy and data protection. Any information that can be used to identify an individual customer constitutes  personal information. As  privacy  laws may differ from country to country, we must always check the latest regulations in  the country where we are doing business.  Please refer to the  "CJ Global Privacy Policy"  for more details. Please contact the Legal/Compliance Department for more information on the protection of personal information in various countries, such as the GDPR (European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation) or China’s Cybersecurity Law.  RESPONDING TO CUSTOMERS  I received a complaint from a customer about a foreign object found in  the popcorn he bought at the concessions in the movie theater. I am not  responsible for making popcorn, but what should I do in order to comply with  the Code of Conduct?  Providing  ONLYONE  products and services is at the heart of CJ’s  Management Philosophy, and all CJ employees, not just those responsible  for quality assurance, must strive for safe quality of our products and  services. If a customer is not satisfied with CJ’s products and services, you  must respond promptly according to the customer communication manual  and communicate these matters to your supervisors and managers for a  fundamental solution of the problem per internal reporting protocol. It is also  essential to operate an exhaustive recurrence prevention system. Lastly,  if your supervisor does not take any action after receiving your report,  you may report it as a Code of Conduct violation.  Q  A OUR PROMISE TO CUSTOMERS  1  20  We obtain proper consent from our customers for the collection and use of their personal information and only use it within the scope of the specified purpose. In particular, we must not provide customers’ personal information to third parties or process sensitive information (political ideology, religion, medical history, etc.) without their additional consent. Per the Company’s  internal standards,  only a limite d number of people from authorize d departments can access customers’ personal information. We are also committed to manage and oversee the secure handling of persona l information when entrusted with personal information. We manage personal information received from our business partners or third parties using the same standard we use for information we collect ourselves.  CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT 21

If customers’ personal information is leaked despite our  efforts, we must act promptly and take all appropriate  measures to protect their valuable personal information  and minimize the damage. If you witness or suspect an  accident related to personal information, you must report  it immediately to your manager, the Privacy Officer or  Information Security Officer.  Please refer to the "  CJ Global Privacy Policy"  for more details.  DEALING WITH  PERSONAL  INFORMATION  LEAKS  23 22  PROPER USE OF CUSTOMER INFORMATION  A new product that the Company has been preparing for several years will  be launched soon, and I am think of ways to promote it. Is it okay to send  promotional e-mails about the new product using a list of customers who  entered the Company’s giveaway event in the past?  Customers’ personal information must be used within the scope they  consented to. If consent was only obtained for the purpose of ‘entering the  giveaway event’ and not for ‘product advertisement’, you cannot use the  personal information to send promotional e-mails.  Q  A  NEW  OUR PROMISE TO CUSTOMERS  1

OUR PROMISE TO  SHAREHOLDERS  AND INVESTORS  •  We keep all our records accurately and manage them rigorously.  •  We comply with the public disclosure rules and strictly control  insider information.  •  We protect the Company’s assets with care and use them  properly.  •  We comply with the Company's privacy policy and protect its  confidential information.  2  “  ”  A company must constantly evolve and innovate itself  in order to grow. Striving for continuous growth is  synonymous with putting the philosophy of pursuing  profit and prosperity through rational management and  technological innovation into practice.  As a leading corporation equipped with core  competencies, CJ will reciprocate the trust of our  shareholders and investors by turning blameless profits  through rational management and by establishing  a system in line with the global standards.  OUR PROMISE TO SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS  2

Our shareholders and investors have placed their confidence in us to engage in  moral and responsible management. Not only are our records the foundation on  which strategies are set and business objectives are met, but they are also an  important asset that helps us explain the Company’s decision-making process  and business performance to our stakeholders, including shareholders and  investors.  WE KEEP ALL OUR RECORDS ACCURATELY  AND MANAGE THEM RIGOROUSLY.  COMPLIANCE  WITH  ACCOUNTING  PRINCIPLES AND  REGULATIONS  We comply with generally accepted accounting principles,  relevant laws and regulations, and internal controls. Because  international accounting standards and the accounting standards  and relevant laws and regulations for each country are all  different and constantly amended, we must always check for  the latest standards that are generally accepted in the countries  where we do business.  KEEPING AND  MANAGING  RECORDS  TRANSPARENCY  IN FINANCIAL  RECORDS  When keeping the Company’s records, we do not omit important  matters or make false entries. Also, we must maintain, store and  dispose of them in strict compliance with internal regulations.  Records can be kept in a variety of formats besides paper, such  as electronic files, audio and video, and below are some of the  typical examples:  •  Documents used to make and communicate business  decisions, such as reports or requests for approval  •  Transaction-related materials, such as receipts, invoices,  contracts, etc.  •  Documents recording facts, incidents and outcomes, such  as work logs, research data, financial statements, etc.  •  Data and documents submitted to government or public  agencies  The Company’s financial records must be kept in a complete,  accurate and timely manner. This is an important principle that  all members of CJ, not just those responsible for financial affairs  and accounting, must adhere to. We keep and store records of  the Company’s business performance and financial state, such  as assets, liabilities and revenue, truthfully without any errors or  omissions. In addition, financial information must be recorded in  a timely manner within the appropriate accounting period, and  the recorded information must be maintained accurately at all  times. THE PROMISE OF CJ MEMBERS  26  27 OUR PROMISE TO SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS  2  CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT

WE COMPLY WITH THE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE  RULES AND STRICTLY CONTROL INSIDER  INFORMATION.  We can solidify our shareholders’ trust and provide fair investment opportunities  to our investors by actively providing them with accurate management  information. Releasing the Company’s material information or trading with it  before public disclosure not only violates the trust of our shareholders and  investors but is also subject to serious punishment as a violation of the law.  RULES ON PUBLIC  DISCLOSURE  OF BUSINESS  INFORMATION  SAFEGUARDING  OF INSIDER  INFORMATION  We publicly disclose important matters that have or may have significant impact on the decisions of shareholders and stakeholders in complia nce with the applicable laws and regulations. In a public disclosure, we must provide accurate information fairly and faithfully in a timely and easily accessible manner, and information cannot be provided only to certain investors or selectively disclosed in parts. If you need to check whether or not public disclosure is required for a matter that could affect the Company’s management or stock prices if released, you must immediately report it to the head of your department and consult with the Fina ncial Affairs Department  make  such  determination. We rigorously safeguard the insider information of the Company (including affiliates), customers, business partners and clients. Insider  information  means  information  that  may  have  a  significant impact  on  a  reasonable  person’s  investment  decision  but  is  not  yet publicly  available,  and  it  includes  the  following  information,  such  as the Company’s business activities and fina ncial state:  •  Business performance (or recent trend) and management  reshuffle  •  Matters relating to commencement of new business or  termination of business relationship with major business  partners, etc.  DEALING WITH INSTRUCTIONS FOR IMPROPER  FINANCIAL RECORD KEEPING  The Company is performing poorly, so it will be difficult to achieve our business  objectives. In this situation, I was instructed by my supervisor to exaggerate the  inventory value or inflate the accounts receivable with false sales slips so that  the Company’s financial state looks better than it actually is. Should I follow such  instructions?  You must not follow your supervisor’s instructions because not only they violate  the Code of Conduct, but they are also illegal. While tampering with financial  information and accounting books may make performance look good in the short  term, it will ultimately destroy market confidence in the Company and cause  serious repercussions for both individual employees and the Company.  In this situation, you must report your supervisor’s improper instructions to the  head of your department. If it is difficult for you to report because you will suffer  harm for whistleblowing or the improper instruction comes from the organization  level, you should alert the Company of the risk of accounting fraud by reporting the  Code of Conduct violation or notifying the Legal/Compliance Department.  Q  A OUR PROMISE TO SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS  2  29  CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT 28

NO INSIDER  TRADING  •  Development of new products and acquisition of new  patents  •  Matters relating to business restructuring, such as mergers  and acquisitions and establishment of JV  •  Entering into contracts with a listed company or  information relating to large-scale investments  •  Investment plan in specific areas, establishment of new  facilities, or expansion of existing facilities  •  Acquisition of treasury stock, capital increases and  reductions, and other significant changes in the Company’s  financial structure  DEALING WITH REQUESTS FOR MATERIAL  NON-PUBLIC INFORMATION  While having a meal with a journalist friend, I was asked about the Company’s  large-scale business investment that has not been announced yet. While it is not  directly related to my work, I heard people in my office talking about it a lot, and I  think it will have a positive impact on the Company’s stock price if this information  is reported in the news. Can I share what I know with my friend?  Even if it is just an informal request, you should not speak about information  that has not been announced publicly by the Company. Your information may  be inaccurate, and even if it is accurate, it must be provided in compliance with  public disclosure rules. If you receive a request to provide or confirm undisclosed  information from someone outside the Company, you must notify the person in  charge of public disclosures and have that person handle the matter.  Q  A OUR PROMISE TO SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS  2  As a general rul e,  we  canno t share insider information with others, and you can only discuss it in limited situations where it is absolutely necessary for work. If you need to share it with someone outside the Company, you must adhere to all applicable laws and regulations and internal procedures, such as obtaining the Company’s prior approval. We must not trade the Company’s stocks or make transactions involving real estate or other property rights using insider information. We cannot provide insider information to others and let them trade or make transactions using it either. This “no insider trading” rule also applies to trading the stocks of customers, business partners and clients who have a business relationship with CJ.  THE PROMISE OF CJ MEMBERS 30  31

The Company’s assets that we use daily for work are essential components of  CJ's sustainable growth. Not only is misuse or waste of the Company’s assets  harmful to all of us, but it also violates the trust of our shareholders.  WE PROTECT THE COMPANY’S ASSETS WITH  CARE AND USE THEM PROPERLY.  PROPER USE OF  THE COMPANY’S  ASSETS  We use the Company’s assets properly within our scope of work  in furtherance of the Company’s business and protect them with  care. The Company’s assets include tangible assets, such as  physical workplace, records and computers, as well as intangible  assets, such as intellectual property, including our key asset, the  CJ brand, software and business systems (intranet, email, instant  messenger, etc.).  You must not use the Company’s assets for personal gain or for  the benefit of anyone other than the Company. In particular, you  must not engage in the following:  •  Intentional destruction, misappropriation or theft of the  Company’s assets  •  Exclusive and unauthorized use, lease, transfer or sale of  the Company’s assets  •  Use of the Internet and corporate email accounts for  personal gain  •  Unauthorized removal or use of assets for work, such as  cars, PCs, expensive consumable goods, office supplies,  etc.  •  Failure to comply with the Company’s business expense  processing guidelines or using corporate expenses and  credit card with fraudulent reports  •  Allowing improper use of the Company’s assets and  facilities by friends and family  NO STOCK TRADING WITH THE COMPANY’S  INSIDER INFORMATION  Our Company is looking to enter into a new business by acquiring Company A. I am  in charge of the acquisition, and I know that we will be acquiring Company A soon  because we have finished the due diligence. Can I buy our Company’s stock before  the acquisition is publicly disclosed?  Employees are strictly prohibited from trading the Company’s stock using  information about the Company that is not publicly available, as it constitutes  illegal insider trading. While those who trade the Company’s stock before material  information about the Company becomes available to the general public may make  a profit or avoid a loss, ordinary shareholders who invest without such information  may suffer huge losses. This eventually leads to shareholders and investors losing  their trust in the Company.  Q  A  CONFIDENTIAL OUR PROMISE TO SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS  2  33  CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT 32

PERSONAL USE OF THE COMPANY’S ASSETS  Can I briefly check my personal bank account with my work PC or make a doctor’s  appointment with my work telephone during work hours?  You are allowed to use your work telephone or PC for brief personal use, as long as  it does not interfere with your work. However, you must not engage in excessive  and improper use of the Company’s assets for your own benefit.  Q  A  PROPER USE OF  THE IT SYSTEM  All data transmitted, stored and received through the IT system  must be regarded and protected as the Company’s records and  information assets. The IT system must be used in a way that  respects the privacy and dignity of other CJ employees and in  compliance with the Company's internal policies. You must not  engage in the following:  •  Posting defamatory messages about other individuals,  departments or the Company or messages that slander  others  •  Disseminating contents that are rude and vulgar, relating to  unfair discrimination or sexual harassment, or threatening  or abusive  •  Viewing material that is sexually explicit or offensive to  others  •  Activities that interfere with your work, such as online  gambling, playing games, stock trading, etc.  •  Downloading files and software that are from a  questionable source or suspected to be illegal  The Company can monitor and keep records of how CJ  employees are using the IT system for the purpose of preventing  misuse of the Company’s information assets or misconduct  against the Company. If you think there may have been a security  breach, such as a lost electronic device using the IT system or  an account theft, or there is a confirmed leak of the Company’s  information, you must immediately report it to the head of your  department and the Information Security Officer. THE PROMISE OF CJ MEMBERS  34 OUR PROMISE TO SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS  2  35

WE COMPLY WITH THE COMPANY'S PRIVACY POLICY AND PROTECT ITS CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION.  We strictly manage CJ's confidential information, including our trade secrets, which is the driving force behind our competitive edge and transformation into a global leading company.  Disclosure of confidential information can cause irreparable harm for which no mon etary compensation would be adequate and affect the very survival of the Company.  SCOPE OF  CONFIDENTIAL  INFORMATION  PROTECTING  THE COMPANY’S  CONFIDENTIAL  INFORMATION  Even if something is not marked as “secret” or “confidential”, all  information  managed  by  the  Company  is  technically  confidential,  unless it is expressly disclosed to the public. Confidential  information includes not only information generated by the  Company, but it also includes any non-public information  relating to our customers, shareholders, co-workers and  business partners kept by the Company. We rigorously protect  the following types of confidential information:  •  Management and business information, such as business  strategies, development plans for new products, and pricing  policies  •  Product manufacturing process, research and technical  data, and information relating to new inventions or  technological innovations  •  Information relating to business restructuring, such as M&A  •  Information relating to customers, business partners  and other third-parties that requires legal protection or  confidentiality  •  Internal organizational chart and personnel information  •  Information that may be damaging to the Company if  disclosed to competitors or third parties  We must observe the Company’s policies and regulations  regarding the use, sharing and protection of confidential  information during our employment and even after its  termination. As a general rule, the Company’s confidential  information must be for internal use only, and it may be provided  or released externally only upon approval from the Company.  If you discover unauthorized access to or disclosure of the  Company’s confidential information, you must immediately  report it to your supervisor. In particular, you must be careful  not to engage in the following activities that increase the risk of  information leak:  •  Sharing information with family, friends, and co-workers  (including former coworkers)  •  Discussing work in public places (including places where  third parties can overhear, such as the cafeteria, hallways  and lobby)  •  Doing work using confidential information in public places  •  Transmitting information through non-secure means  •  Failing to restrict outside access to information posted on  the Company's information and communication network  •  Leaving documents containing the Company’s confidential  information unattended at meetings outside of the office  •  Exporting out the Company’s documents and information  using unauthorized removable storage devices, cloud  storage service, or personal e-mail  •  Abusing the Company’s approval to export out the  Company's documents and information for personal use  37 OUR PROMISE TO SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS  2  CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT THE PROMISE OF CJ MEMBERS 36

OUR PROMISE  TO FELLOW  CJ EMPLOYEES  •  We foster an environment where we can work with pride and have fun.  •  We foster a healthy and safe working environment.  •  We perform our work in an honest and lawful manner and with our best  efforts.  •  We try to find the right balance between protection of individual  privacy and respect for our co-workers.  3  “  ”  Based on our Founding Philosophy of valuing talent, we have  been continuously investing into securing and grooming  talented individuals and helping them grow.  CJ looks for people who could be described as “upright  hagojabis  ” (passionate self-starters), and we will continue to  foster an environment in which these “  hagojabis  ” can work with  pride and produce the best results, while also having fun.  In addition, we will act in line with our principles of integrity,  passion, creativity and respect and make responsible decisions  by setting the right direction for our business.  OUR PROMISE TO FELLOW CJ EMPLOYEES  3

A pleasant work environment means an environment where you can get a sense of  accomplishment from doing the kind of work that you want to do. We are confident  that the “upright  hagojabis ” with passion and creativity will work with pride, have fun  and produce the best results with our continued support, and get evaluated fairly  based on their abilities and achievements.  WE FOSTER AN ENVIRONMENT WHERE WE CAN  WORK WITH PRIDE AND HAVE FUN.  ENSURING WORK-  LIFE BALANCE  CJ’s idea of work-life balance is to concentrate fully when working  and to relax completely when resting. We produce results by  immersing ourselves into work during work hours, and we strive to  create a flexible work environment and a lifestyle unique to CJ with  various programs that support relaxation and leisure activities.  THE “  NIM  CULTURE” AND  RESPECTING ONE  ANOTHER  In order to communicate with each other freely yet respectfully, CJ  became the first major corporation to introduce the “  Nim  Culture”,  a system of addressing everyone the same way regardless of their  seniority, rank, age, etc. Based on the “  Nim  Culture”, we try to be  understanding and considerate of each other by thinking from the  perspective of those we work with and taking what they have to  say seriously. Going forward, we will strive to become a first-class  company full of passion and creativity by continuing to uphold the  “  Nim  Culture”, which is CJ's unique cultural asset, and respecting one  another.  We make our hiring decisions based solely on an individual’s  ability (skills, performance, value and leadership) and other job-  related criteria. We also conduct objective and impartial personnel  evaluations based on the individual’s accomplishments and  capabilities rather than personal feelings or relationships.  We strive to create an environment where all members are given  equal opportunities and treated equally. We do not discriminate  against anyone on the basis of personal characteristics when  it comes to employment, promotion, placement, salary,  compensation, benefits and training, as well as all other aspects  related to work. Personal characteristics include race, color,  religion, national and regional origin, gender, sexual orientation, age,  disability, military service and any other individual characteristic  protected by law.  HIRING AND  EVALUATING  FAIRLY  PROVIDING EQUAL  OPPORTUNITIES  AND RESPECTING  DIVERSITY THE PROMISE OF CJ MEMBERS  40  41 OUR PROMISE TO FELLOW CJ EMPLOYEES  3  CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT

PROVIDING AN EQUAL OPPORTUNITY WHEN  RECOMMENDING EMPLOYEES FOR PROMOTION  RESPECTING RELIGIOUS AND RACIAL DIVERSITY  After the end of the year employee evaluations, I was contacted by the HR  Department to recommend an employee for promotion. For our department, there is  one male candidate and one female candidate eligible for promotion to be a Manager  this year, but I can only recommend one of them. The female candidate received  much better performance evaluations for the past 3 years, but no female has ever  been promoted to a Manager at our department. Higher positions are all held by male  employees at other departments within the same business division as well.  Who should I recommend for promotion in this case?  You must recommend the person who, in your objective judgment, will do the best job  for the promotion. In addition, the head of the department should actively support  the person so that he or she may thrive in the new role. Assessment must be based  on the individual’s performance and ability, not on gender, academic background or  hometown. If the current practice for recommending a candidate for promotion goes  against the philosophy of valuing talent and the principle of non-discrimination,  it must be abolished.  When I did not eat certain foods due to religious reasons at a department get-together,  my colleagues condemned me with scorn. They also call me names referring to my skin  color. What should I do?  We respect the different laws, regulations, customs and rules of decorum that exist for  each country and region, and we must not discriminate against anyone based on  religion, race or any other personal characteristics. If you were subject to unfair treatment  or discriminatory remarks because of your religion or race, you should go through the  reporting procedures to raise an issue or consult with the Human Resources,  Legal/Compliance Department.  Q Q  A  A OUR PROMISE TO FELLOW CJ EMPLOYEES  3  42  43

We foster a healthy and safe work environment so that all members can feel at ease  and fully demonstrate their abilities. Healthy and safe work can only take place when  we reduce the risk of accidents and injuries and the members are considerate and  respectful of each other's character.  WE FOSTER A HEALTHY AND SAFE WORKING  ENVIRONMENT.  NO PHYSICAL OR  VERBAL VIOLENCE  NO SEXUAL  HARASSMENT  We do not engage in speech or conduct that is unpleasant to others  or makes them feel out of place. You must always be careful not  to hurt or cause a misunderstanding for others with your words or  actions. In particular, you must keep in mind that it might be difficult  for the other person to express his/her discomfort or displeasure if  there is a gap in title, rank, age, etc. between the two of you.  We do not condone sexual harassment in the workplace. You must  not make your co-workers feel sexually humiliated or offended, or  damage your healthy working relationship with them by engaging in  any physical, verbal, visual language or conduct that causes them  to feel that way. When there is an incident of sexual harassment,  we must resolve the matter quickly and impartially, and we need to  take the appropriate protective measures to prevent the victim from  suffering secondary harm in the process of reporting and filing a  complaint.  PREVENTING  ACCIDENTS  We comply with  all applicable laws and our internal policies on health and safety.  We also conduct periodic safety training and inspections to prevent accidents and minimize the damages. Active participation by CJ employees in these health and safety trainings is hugely helpful for responding in accordance with the internal safety regulations and guidelines when these accidents actually occur.  We do not take advantage of superiority in rank, relationship,  etc. in the workplace to cause physical and emotional distress or  deteriorate the work environment beyond a level appropriate for  work for our colleagues. Harassment in the workplace is strictly  prohibited in order to promote a healthy organizational culture and  respect for one another.  •  Abusing authority over personnel matters, such as evaluation  and promotion, to force entertainment and favors or verbally  abusing others  •  Heads of departments making their subordinates run  inappropriate personal tasks for them  •  Habitually scheduling meetings right before close of business  to cause overtime work  •  Forcing employees to buy products to meet sales targets  •  Pressuring someone to drink excessively at work get-togethers  •  Verbally abusing temporary employees using contract  extension as an excuse  NO WORKPLACE  HARASSMENT THE PROMISE OF CJ MEMBERS  44  45 OUR PROMISE TO FELLOW CJ EMPLOYEES  3  CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT

Integrity, which is one of CJ's principles of conduct, means not tolerating inefficiency  and dishonesty. While inefficiency brings down a corporation gradually, dishonesty  can destroy it overnight. In order to guard ourselves against inefficiency and  dishonesty, we try our best to stick to the basics and principles faithfully.  WE PERFORM OUR WORK IN AN HONEST AND  LAWFUL MANNER AND WITH OUR BEST EFFORTS.  WORKING  HONESTLY AND  LAWFULLY  We perform our work honestly and lawfully by setting up procedures and standards. We do not condone any unlawful act that is against the law or violates the Company's  standards,  and we  do not give or receive any economic benefits, such as money or other valuables, or entertainment or hospitality, in exchange for improper solicitation related to work. If you become aware of any unlawful or improper conduct, or if you are instructed to engage in one, you must ask your supervisor and co-worker to stop and notify the head of your department, and the Legal/Compliance Department. Conflict of interest arises when the interests of the Company and the individual (including those related to the individual, such as family members, relatives or friends) clash with each other and make it difficult to act objectively and in the best interests of the Company. We must avoid conflict of interest, and if there is any actual or potential conflict of interest, we must report it and prioritize the interests of the Company. The following are some typical situations where conflicts of interest may arise:  •  Becoming a business partner or competitor of the Company  •  Investing directly in competitors and business partners  •  Exploiting business or investment opportunities you learned  about through work for personal gain  •  Providing lectures or consulting services outside of work for  the purpose of expanding your personal network without the  Company’s prior approval  AVOIDING  CONFLICT OF  INTEREST  WHAT CONSTITUTES SEXUAL HARASSMENT  A few of my co-workers often make sexually offensive jokes. They often rate and  criticize the appearance of other co-workers within my earshot as well. Although I  could not outwardly express it, it was a very uncomfortable situation for me. Even  if the target of the sexual speech or conduct was not offended, isn’t it still sexual  harassment if it is offensive to someone else?  For workplace harassment, including sexual harassment, we use a standard of  whether or not the victim, or others in the victim’s position, would generally feel  sexually humiliated or offended in the situation, rather than the perpetrator’s  perception of it. Therefore, sexual harassment can occur even if the actual target of  the sexual speech or conduct was not offended by it, if it was offensive to someone  else. Even if a sexual remark was made without any particular person in mind, it can  still constitute sexual harassment if it created a sexually humiliating or offensive  environment. If you were offended in a sexual way or think there may have been  sexual harassment, you may consult with your supervisor or contact the Human  Resources, Legal/Compliance Department for assistance. You can also raise the  issue by reporting it as a Code of Conduct violation.  Q  A  46  47 OUR PROMISE TO FELLOW CJ EMPLOYEES  3  CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT

IMPROPER  FINANCIAL  TRANSACTIONS  CONFLICT OF INTEREST RELATED TO SUPPLIER  SELECTION  The Company has a huge print job, and my uncle happens to run a print shop.  I am thinking about placing the order because I can negotiate the price with him,  and it would be easy to communicate. Would this be okay?  While transactions with a company operated by an acquaintance or a relative are not  illegal per se, they should be avoided if possible. This is because personal interests may  get involved or make it difficult for you to make a rational decision during contract  negotiations and course of dealing. If such deal is absolutely necessary, you must  report it to your supervisor in advance and adjust your work scope so that you are  not in charge of the transaction, and the new person in charge must also strive for a  transparent and fair transaction to avoid any unnecessary misperception.  Q  A  •  Having influence on the hiring of family members, relatives or  acquaintances (interviews, evaluation, compensation, etc.)  •  Having family members or relatives who work for competitors  or business partners or have a financial interest in them  Financial transactions between fellow CJ employees can get in  the way of performing your duties and damage your personal  relationships, as well as the overall organizational atmosphere.  You must not engage in transactions such as guaranties or loans  within the Company under any circumstances. In particular,  monetary transactions taking advantage of rank or hierarchy  within the organization are strictly prohibited. THE PROMISE OF CJ MEMBERS  48 OUR PROMISE TO FELLOW CJ EMPLOYEES  3  49

We can be at ease and focus on work in an environment where we respect each  other's privacy. However, failing to keep work and personal life separate during work  hours can disturb your co-workers’ work and ruin a positive organizational culture.  Also, you must keep in mind that the Company’s reputation may be damaged if the  statements you make or actions you take are misunderstood as made on behalf of CJ.  WE TRY TO FIND THE RIGHT BALANCE BETWEEN  PROTECTION OF INDIVIDUAL PRIVACY AND  RESPECT FOR OUR CO-WORKERS.  RESPECTING AND  PROTECTING  PRIVACY  We respect the privacy of our co-workers, and we do not collect or  record any data related to their personal lives. Even if you come to  know something about your co-worker’s personal life by chance,  you must not disclose it without his or her consent. Furthermore,  we strictly manage our employees’ sensitive personal information,  such as personnel record, performance evaluation and salary.  We respect the political rights and views of each individual member  of CJ. However, you must not allow your own political views and  participation to be misunderstood as the Company's official  position. In particular, you must not engage in political activities  within the Company premises during work hours or use the  Company’s organizations, personnel or assets for political purposes.  We respect and support CJ employees’ use of social media to  communicate with others and to spot the latest trends. However,  because it is difficult to distinguish between business and personal  life on social media and information has widespread ramifications,  you  must  be  extra  cautious  when  it  comes  to  the  following  to  prevent  any negative impact on the individual and the Company:  POLITICAL  PARTICIPATION  USING SOCIAL  MEDIA  •  Do not forget that you are a member of CJ when posting  something on social media.  •  Keep in mind that anything you say can be misinterpreted as an  official statement from the Company.  •  Do not post anything that tarnishes someone else’s reputation,  and always conduct yourself honestly, precisely and ethically.  •  Be careful not to l eak work-related information, such as  information, events or rumors about the Company that have  not been officially announced.  •  Refrain from using social media excessively to the point of  interfering with your work or your colleagues’ work. THE PROMISE OF CJ MEMBERS  50  51 OUR PROMISE TO FELLOW CJ EMPLOYEES  3  CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT

We establish the rules and systems in which we can compete  fairly and freely with our competitors and grow together with our  business partners.  When it comes to industrializing a particular business,  growing the pie for the industry, and then globalizing it,  it is very important for companies to have a genuine philosophy  of shared growth.  We firmly believe that CJ will grow further and earn the respect of  the global society when we keep our promise to our fellow players  in the market and fulfill the value of shared growth.  “  ”  •  We establish a sound transaction order by competing fairly.  •  We create an industrial ecosystem of shared growth by dealing  fairly with our business partners.  OUR PROMISE  TO FELLOW  PLAYERS IN  THE MARKET  4  OUR PROMISE TO FELLOW PLAYERS IN THE MARKET  4

ONLYONE  products and services are, have always been, and will continue to be, the  source of the competitive edge for all of CJ's businesses. Engaging in free competition and  pursuing fair profits have served as the basis for CJ's continuous innovation and growth,  and it is essential for greater customer satisfaction and creative corporate activities.  WE ESTABLISH A SOUND TRANSACTION ORDER BY  COMPETING FAIRLY.  COLLECTING  INFORMATION ON  COMPETITORS  •  You should not attend gatherings with competitors, both formal  and informal, where information that could limit competition, such  as the price, terms of sale, etc., may be discussed.  •  If you think they are talking about collusion at your meeting, object  clearly, make a note of it and leave the scene. Afterwards, you  must share the details of the meeting with the Legal/Compliance  Department as soon as possible.  •  You should not provide or exchange business information, such as  prices or terms and conditions of sale, etc., with competitors.  •  If you acquire a competitor’s information lawfully, you must  specify the source.  We gather market information, including information on competitors,  lawfully from official sources. If someone offers to provide you with  non-public information about a competitor, you must decline and notify  the Legal/Compliance Department. You must be cautious because any  of the following could constitute improper collection of information:  •  Receiving non-public information directly from competitors  •  Collecting information through customers, business partners or  former and current employees of competitors  •  Asking market research agencies, consulting companies and other  experts to share the information they have on competitors, or  making a request for illegal collection of information  •  Collecting information under false pretenses or by taking  advantage of someone’s mistake  FAIR COMPETITION  Collusion (cartel) refers to two or more companies by agreeing to engage in any of the following anti-competitive activities:  Please refer to the  "CJ  Global Fair Competition Policy" for  more details on  collusion .  •  Setting, maintaining or changing prices  •  Determining the terms of sale or payment for products  •  Limiting the production, delivery, transport or sale of goods  •  Restricting sales territory or sales partners  •  Not allowing the construction or expansion of facilities or  introduction of new equipment  •  Limiting the types or standards for products  •  Managing key parts of business jointly  •  Bid rigging  Collusion is rigorously regulated by every country in the world. Both  implicit conduct and explicit consent can be considered illegal. In  particular, depending on the country, it may even be illegal to make  business decisions by considering and anticipating the actions of  competitors.  You should avoid communication with competitors that could be seen  as violating fair trade regulations or limiting competition, if possible.  You must always be cautious when communicating or meeting with  competitors for work, and if there is even a tiny bit of doubt about the  legality of your actions, you must inquire and get help from the Legal/  Compliance Department in advance. When contacting competitors, you  must always keep the following in mind:  COMMUNICATING  WITH  COMPETITORS THE PROMISE OF CJ MEMBERS  54  55 OUR PROMISE TO FELLOW PLAYERS IN THE MARKET  4  CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT  Please refer to  the "CJ  Global Fair Competition Policy" for  more details on  information  exchange with  competitors .

ACQUIRING INFORMATION PROPERLY WHAT CONSTITUTES AN AGREEMENT IN COLLUSION  We are trying to figure out why sales are dropping for some of our products. Our supplier  also happens to supply for Company A, a competitor of ours, and I am curious about  Company A’s sales volume. Can I ask for that information?  You must not ask for that information. It would be considered either improper  management intervention or improper request for management information prohibited  by fair trade regulations. For information that is not disclosed by the party in question or  through the media, you must check the source of the information and make sure not to  violate any applicable laws and regulations.  I was at a social get-together with working-level staff from our competitors. While  talking about an ongoing bidding for a public institution, someone from Company A  asked me how much we were on bidding so that they could outbid us, and I told them.  Although it was not an outright rejection, we never intended to comply with Company  A's request for cooperation from the beginning. We ended up winning the bid by  submitting an amount that was different from what we told Company A and sufficient  for us to win the bid. Would this be considered collusion?  It would be considered collusion. Even if we did not intend to follow through with the  agreement from the outset, taking advantage of Company A's belief that we would  honor the agreement to win the bid is ultimately an anti-competitive conduct. You  must keep in mind that an agreement for collusion is established by overt acts, and it  does not matter what your original intent was or if you actually performed as you had  agreed.  Q Q  A  A OUR PROMISE TO FELLOW PLAYERS IN THE MARKET  4  56  57

We acknowledge our business partners as important companions for business,  and we communicate sincerely and deal fairly with them. Establishing a healthy industrial  ecosystem where we can grow together with our business partners through fair  distribution of responsibilities is synonymous with demonstrating the value of shared  growth and will also increase CJ's competitiveness.  WE CREATE AN INDUSTRIAL ECOSYSTEM OF SHARED  GROWTH BY DEALING FAIRLY WITH OUR BUSINESS  PARTNERS.  NO CORRUPTION  AND GRAFT  PROTECTING  OUR BUSINESS  PARTNERS’  INFORMATION  COMPANIONSHIP  WITH BUSINESS  PARTNERS  UNFAIR  TRANSACTIONS  We select our business partners in accordance with transparent and  fair procedures and objective criteria, regardless of the type of business  relationship or contract. We do not enter into contracts with business  partners that try to do business with us using improper or expedient  means, and we build and maintain companionship with our business  partners with whom we can share our values and policies.  Unfair transaction is defined as doing business with another party using  unfair or improper means. The following unfair transactions are strictly  prohibited:  •  Refusing to do business or suspending business with a particular  business partner for no valid reason  •  Discriminating against a specific trading partner in terms of price  or other terms and conditions  •  Pricing a particular product or service significantly lower than the  usual price for the purpose of keeping a competitor out, or buying  products or services at an unreasonably high price from a business  partner  •  Using unfair means such as tie-in sales and forcing employees  to purchase the Company’s products and services or sell them  to others against their will to take away potential customers of  competitors  •  Abusing superior bargaining power to the detriment of the  transaction partner  •  Making transactions with conditions that unduly restrict a business  partner’s business activities, such as limiting the territory within  which the business partner can do business or with whom the  business partner can do business  •  A manufacturer or seller of a particular product forcing or imposing  other constraints on resellers of the product to sell it at a fixed  price  We do not, directly or indirectly, give, receive or solicit improper  benefits from employees of our business partners, nor engage in private  transactions with them. You must not engage in any of the following key  examples:  •  Requesting or receiving excessive gifts for family events,  promotion, or holidays  •  Getting wined and dined with meals, parties, golf, etc.  •  Making financial transactions with or demanding a loan guarantee  from employees of business partners  •  Requesting accommodations (business expenses, supply of goods,  support for events, sponsorships,  etc.)  We respec t the intellectual property rights and trade secrets of our business partners, and we do not ask for their technical data or the use of their intellectual property without a justifiable reason in the course of dealing, nor arbitrarily provide it to third parties or exploit it unjustly. THE PROMISE OF CJ MEMBERS  58  59 OUR PROMISE TO FELLOW PLAYERS IN THE MARKET  4  CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT  Please refer to the "CJ  Global Fair Competition Policy" for  more details on  unfair transactions .

PROTECTING OUR BUSINESS PARTNER’S  TECHNICAL KNOW-HOWS  I received the source code for maintenance from the developer of our website.  Now that the contract term is up with this developer, we are thinking about entering  into a maintenance contract with another company. Can I provide the source code to  the new company?  In principle, you should not provide it. A source code is an intellectual property right,  just like patents, utility models, designs and copyrights, and it cannot be provided  to third parties without the proper right to do, which means you were granted  permission from the owner of the right by contract or other means.  Q  A  COMPANIONSHIP WITH BUSINESS PARTNERS  We are currently in the process of selecting a business partner for a new project.  Based on their experience and capabilities, it makes the most sense to give this project  to Company A. However, I happened to find out that Company A is engaging in illegal  subcontracting. Can we work with Company A given this information?  You cannot work with Company A. We must select business partners with whom  we can practice the values pursued by CJ, and even after selecting them, we must  encourage them to comply with CJ’s Management Philosophy and Code of Conduct  and continuously monitor them. We must remember that our efforts with regard to  our business partners ultimately help eliminating direct and indirect risks for CJ in  advance.  Q  A OUR PROMISE TO FELLOW PLAYERS IN THE MARKET  4  61 60

CJ is doing business all over the world with the goal of  becoming the No.1 global lifestyle company that sets the  lifestyle trends for people around the globe and is loved  and respected by the global community.  We can truly contribute to the national economy and  co-exist with those living in the region where we do  business when we respect their culture, traditions,  laws and regulations and contribute to their society.  “  ”  •  We create shared value and fulfill our corporate social responsibility.  •  We realize social values by respecting human rights and protecting the  environment.  •  We comply with the anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws from all over the  world.  •  We respect the international trade order and abide by the laws and regulations  of each country.  OUR PROMISE  TO THE GLOBAL  COMMUNITY  5  OUR PROMISE TO THE GLOBAL COMMUNITY  5

OUR PROMISE TO THE GLOBAL COMMUNITY  5 65  CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT  Based on our Founding Philosophy of contributing to the national economy and the value of  sharing, CJ wishes to fulfill its responsibilities as a member of the national society and create  a society of co-existence through its business. To this end, we are constantly striving to  create shared values and foster a healthy industrial ecosystem through all our businesses and  management activities.  WE CREATE SHARED VALUE AND FULFILL OUR  CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY.  CREATING JOBS  AND PAYING TAXES  FAITHFULLY  Not only are we exporting  ONLYONE  products and services all over  the world, we are also continuously expanding our global business  with aggressive investments. Contributing to economic growth by  creating jobs steadily and paying taxes faithfully in the countries and  communities where we do business is the epitome of contributing to  the national economy.  CJ CSV  RESPECTING AND  SERVING THE LOCAL  COMMUNITY  Through our  ONLYONE  core values of "Guardian or Dreaming Youth" and  "Coexisting Industry Ecosystem," CJ CSV aims to achieve harmonious  growth and to contribute to sustainable social development with diverse  members of our society.  •  Guardian of Dreaming Youth  -  We strive to cultivate future talents by linking systems and business  infrastructure as our corporate social responsibility to help young  people grow up healthy with dreams and hopes.  -  Top projects: Donors' Camp, Tune Up, Stage Up, and Story Up  •  Coexisting Industrial Ecosystem  -  As an industrial ecosystem leader, we will create an ecosystem  where stakeholders grow together to firmly establish the industrial  structure and expand the foundation of the ecosystem.  -  Top projects: Senior Parcel Delivery Service, O’PEN, and Joyful  Company  As a member of various local communities, we respect the laws, culture  and values of the countries and regions where we do business and strive  to improve the quality of life for everyone. We also actively encourage CJ  employees to engage in community service activities. We can all play a  positive role in social development through a wide array of public interest  activities that enrich the human society. THE PROMISE OF CJ MEMBERS  64

OUR PROMISE TO THE GLOBAL COMMUNITY  5 67  CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT  In the past, financial performance was the key measure for valuation of a company.  Nowadays, companies that contribute to the public good and development of the global  community by realizing social values are more popular and highly regarded. We vow to become  the No.1 global lifestyle company that respects human rights, protects the environment and  leads the way for the pursuit of social value.  WE REALIZE SOCIAL VALUES BY RESPECTING HUMAN  RIGHTS AND PROTECTING THE ENVIRONMENT.  RESPECTING HUMAN  RIGHTS  PROTECTING  CHILDREN AND NO  FORCED LABOR  PROTECTING THE  ENVIRONMENT  CREATING SOCIAL  VALUES TOGETHER  We are against human rights violations, and we support and honor the international human rights norms, including the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. In order to prevent human rights violations, we have in place a human rights management system with dedicated teams, and we manage and regularly conduct due diligence on action items for human rights management. If any human rights violations take place, we do our best to aid the victims. We comply with the minimum age requirement for employment set by each country. Even for children who are legally eligible to work, we do not subject them to dangerous working conditions that may negatively affect their physical, psychological and social development. We respect our employees’ dignity and do not force labor against their free will by means of assault, intimidation, imprisonment or other improper restraints. We strictly abide by the environmental laws and regulations to minimize pollution and prevent accidents. We als o  strive to  utilize resources efficiently, provide environment-friendly products and servic es, and operate organized management systems. In addition, we actively participate in conservation efforts by the local communities to solve environmental problems, and we also stay committed to and participate in international conservation activities, such as responding to climate change, managing water resources, minimizing waste, etc.  THE PROMISE OF CJ MEMBERS 66  As the global business environment expands, so does our supply chain consisting of suppliers, agents, joint venture partners, business partners, vendors, etc. with whom CJ has a business relationship. To improve the overall capacity of the industrial ecosystem, we make sure everyone within our global supply chain meets CJ’s principles and standards with regard to compliance with the laws, anti-corruption, respecting human rights, prohibition of child and forced labor, adherence to health and safety obligations for employees, and protection of the environment, etc. with constant support and monitoring.

OUR PROMISE TO THE GLOBAL COMMUNITY  5 69  CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT  There is a growing interest in anti-corruption and ethical management around the world.  As a global provider of products and services, CJ puts a lot of effort into preventing corruption.  In order to advance honestly and fairly in the global market, CJ must keep its promise to do  business ethically and with integrity.  WE COMPLY WITH THE ANTI-CORRUPTION AND  ANTI-BRIBERY LAWS FROM ALL OVER THE WORLD.  COMPLYING WITH  ANTI-CORRUPTION  LAWS AND  REGULATIONS  NO IMPROPER  SOLICITATIONS  NO BRIBERY  We strictly comply with the anti-corruption laws from all over the world, including the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), as well  as the Korean anti-corruption laws and our internal policy. We must keep in mind t hat violating anti-corruption laws can lead to penalties for individuals as well as companies and can result in serious financial losses.  Please contact the Legal/Compliance Department for more details on the  FCPA and other anti-corruption laws and regulations.  We do not engage in any form of improper solicitation for business profits  or any other unfair benefits. Improper solicitations include both direct  requests and requests through third-parties. Also, we must not oblige with  improper requests from stakeholders.  We do not exchange, demand or promise any improper money or anything  of value to employees of government agencies, public state-owned  companies, public institutions, international organizations, regardless of the  local business practices. This applies to both your own conduct and those  involving third parties (including dealers, customs agents or other people  acting on your behalf).  GIFTS AND  HOSPITALITY FOR  BUSINESS  Money or anything of value include money, goods and other proprietary  benefits, as well as all other tangible and intangible benefits that  provide convenience and satisfy the desires of a person.  There are following specific types of money or other valuables:  Proprietary Benefits  Money, securities, real estate, goods,  accommodation vouchers, memberships,  admission tickets, discount tickets,  invitation tickets, land use rights, etc.  Provision of  Convenience  Providing entertainment with food, liquor,  golf, etc., transportation and lodging  accommodations, etc.  Economic Benefits  Debt forgiveness, employment offer, grant  of rights and privileges, etc.  Gifts and hospitality for business must be for the purpose of forming and  maintaining a healthy working relationship, and you must not provide gifts  and hospitality that may affect your ability to conduct business fairly.  Each country has its own laws and regulations, culture and practice when it  comes to gifts and hospitality, but you must exchange them within a lawful  and appropriate scope under any circumstances. If you are not sure whether  or not providing gifts and entertainment would be appropriate, you should  report it to your supervisor and contact the Legal/Compliance Department.  68  THE PROMISE OF CJ MEMBERS  Please refer to the "CJ  Global  Anti-Corruption  Policy" for  more details.  Please refer to the "CJ  Global  Anti-Corruption  Policy" for  more details.

OUR PROMISE TO THE GLOBAL COMMUNITY  5 HIRING THIRD PARTIES TO WORK ON OUR BEHALF  The raw materials sent to the Vietnamese worksite have been held at customs for several  weeks. The customs officer in Vietnam is not explaining why, and the official in charge  seems to be taking his time on purpose. At this time, someone calling himself a “customs  consultant” approached us claiming that we can get customs clearance right away through  him. Can we hire this consultant to clear customs quickly?  When hiring a third party, such as outside agents, consultants, etc., to deal with government  official on behalf of the Company in a particular region, you must make sure that no improper  methods, such as bribery, are used. Besides direct bribes, providing improper gifts to third  parties for the purpose of bribing someone else can also be subject to punishment.  If you need to hire a third party, you must consult with the Legal/Compliance Department.  Q  A  Our business activities affect customers, nations and communities around the world.  We comply with all relevant laws and regulations in the countries and communities where CJ  does business, and we try our best to understand their commercial practices and cultures.  We will become a true global No. 1 lifestyle company when we observe the international trade  order and respect the different cultures of each country.  WE RESPECT THE INTERNATIONAL TRADE ORDER AND  ABIDE BY THE LAWS AND REGULATIONS OF EACH  COUNTRY.  COMPLYING  WITH GLOBAL  COMPETITION LAWS  COMPLYING WITH  INTERNATIONAL  TRADE  REGULATIONS  Competition laws of each country protect the competition order of both  domestic and overseas markets and create a foundation on which we can  compete fairly against our competitors with our products and services.  We understand precisely how the diverse and complex obligations required  by the competition laws of each country where we do business are  applicable to our work and comply with them diligently.  We figure out in advance how the legal and economic sanctions, such as  import and export controls, trade restrictions and commercial embargos,  enforced by each country affect us and comply with those applicable to us.  When it comes to complying with international trade regulations, we must  be especially cautious with the following:  •  Transferring strategic materials or discussing/transmitting  confidential information to non-nationals when it is prohibited  •  Filling out import and export clearance documentation accurately  (indication of origin of goods, classification of items and proper entry  of reported prices, etc.)  •  Complying with trade bans and economic sanctions that prohibit trade  with certain nations or businesses in certain nations  •  Checking for the requisite application procedures and applying in  advance if a separate license is required for export  •  Exporting at a price lower than the normal price or receiving  inappropriate government aids to promote export when it is prohibited  CJ CODE OF BUSINESS CONDUCT 70  71

NO MONEY  LAUNDERING  We use legitimate funds to operate our business lawfully. You must not  engage in money laundering that conceals the source or use of funds  involving tax evasion, drug trafficking, terrorism and bribery, or any other  unlawful economic activities. We must be especially cautious with the  following, as they are very likely to be illegal financial transactions:  •  Splitting a high-value transaction into multiple small transactions  below the reporting threshold to avoid the reporting requirement, or  engaging in abnormally complicated transactions  •  Transactions that take place in or are related to a tax haven or a region  notorious for terrorism, drug trafficking or money laundering activities  •  Using a payment method associated with money laundering, such as  bulk purchases of prepaid items like money orders and gift certificates,  or large cash transactions  •  Unusual domestic or foreign fund transfers that may be viewed as  fraudulent or unlawful THE PROMISE OF CJ MEMBERS  72


</Retail_Korea_CJ CheilJedang_2022.pdf>