This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Sogo Sosha_Japan_Marubeni Corporation_2025.pdf>

COMPLIANCE MANUAL  2025  22nd Edition October 1, 2025  Marubeni Group  This Compliance Manual is an English translation of the Compliance Manual originally written in Japanese. As described in the third paragraph titled “Scope of Application” on page 13, this Compliance Manual applies to the business operations conducted by the Marubeni Group in Japan. Overseas offices are requested to prepare their own manuals based on the same principles but taking into account the laws, customs, and conventions of their countries and areas.

Directors, Officers and Employees of the Marubeni Group  October, 2025  Laying the Foundations for the Future through “Fairness, Innovation, and Harmony”  From this fiscal year, the Marubeni Group has begun implementing our new Mid-Term Management Strategy GC2027.  To achieve our ambitious goal of surpassing a market capitalization of 10 trillion yen by fiscal year 2030, it is essential that each and every one of us maintains a growth mindset, always aiming higher.  Moreover, we must not only focus on expanding our scale or pursuing profits, but also simultaneously enhance our corporate dignity and trustworthiness. The world is changing at an unprecedented speed, and society’s expectations and demands to companies are becoming more sophisticated every day.  In this environment, to elevate our corporate dignity and trustworthiness, each of us must uphold the highest ethical standards, no matter how much we are driven to pursue numerical targets. Our company’s creed, “Fairness, Innovation and Harmony,” is not just a philosophy—it is a core value at the heart of our corporate culture.  Among these, “Fairness” comes first and foremost, signifying our unwavering commitment to fairness in all business activities.  This value should always be our top priority. By thoroughly embodying this value, we can earn the trust of society and, as a result, achieve sustainable growth. This Compliance Manual brings together the latest insights from across the company and is reviewed annually. It contains the most up-to-date content to ensure that each of us continues to uphold “Fairness.” Receiving this manual is an opportunity to update your own sense of “Fairness,” protect the corporate value built by our predecessors, and further enhance it going forward.  Representative Director, Member of the Board, President and CEO MASAYUKI OMOTO

Introduction  “When you are faced with a choice between integrity and profit, choose integrity without hesitation”. We believe that compliance in its truest sense, goes beyond merely following the letter of the law, and requires us to act as a good member of society, practicing the highest levels of ethical behavior, living up to the expectations of stakeholders, and fulfilling our social responsibilities. To achieve this, it is of utmost importance that every member of the Marubeni Group acts with compliance awareness in their roles. In recent years, as society’s expectations for compliance have grown ever higher, we have seen many cases where even leading companies in their industries have committed serious compliance violations, resulting in significant consequences for their business operations. Behind such incidents often lie outdated industry practices and corporate cultures that fail to keep pace with the changing times, as well as a careless mindset that excuses questionable actions with the thought: “This much should be fine.” We must always be attuned to changes in the world around us and continually ask ourselves whether our actions and decisions are in line with society’s evolving expectations. In today’s rapidly changing environment, it is more important than ever that each of us remains alert and sensitive to compliance risks. We must not act against what is right, even if it would be profitable for the company or benefit us personally. Please recall the above slogan of Marubeni Group and ask yourself what it really means. You should ensure  that your behavior: If you are ever in any doubt as to any of the above, please revisit this Compliance Manual. Compliance Committee  • does not violate any law; • is such that you can tell your family about it with confidence; • is such that you would be happy for your children to adopt it; • is such that you can be proud of if being reported in the media; • does not enable others to take advantage of our weakness; • is not a shortcut that allows you to enjoy an easy life at the expense of others.

Marubeni Group Compliance Manual  CONTENTS  Compliance Statement of the Marubeni Group  5  Compliance System of the Marubeni Group  1. Meaning of Compliance 2. Who Practices Compliance 3. Role of the Compliance Committee 4. Chairman of Compliance Committee and Compliance Committee Members 5. Compliance Access Points 6. Procedure to Follow When Problems Arise 7. Compliance Organization Chart of the Marubeni Group  7 7 8 8 8 9 11 12  Use of the Compliance Manual  1. Things to Keep in Mind When Using the Compliance Manual 2. Users 3. Scope of Application 4. Measures to Handle Violating Conduct  13 13 13 13 13  Matters to be Observed  1. Respect Human Rights and Refrain from Any Form of Discrimination, Harassment and the Like  To respect human rights and refrain from any form of discrimination, harassment and the like.  2. Compliance with the Antimonopoly Act and Related Laws and Regulations  Not to engage in private monopoly, unreasonable restraint of trade (cartel) and other unfair trading practices.  3. Prohibition of Unfair Competition  Not to engage in unfair competition such as manufacturing and selling unlawful merchandise or unlawfully acquiring and using trade secrets.  4. Compliance with Various Business Laws and Regulations  To obtain licenses and permits necessary to carry out business activities and comply with various business laws and regulations  14 15 16 17 18  5. Import and Export Procedures  To observe laws, regulations and international treaties relating to international trade and to follow appropriate procedures for import and export.  19

Q&A Regarding the Compliance Access Point  6. National Security Regulations and Sanctions Compliance. 7. Administration of Product Safety  To administer product safety properly in compliance with related laws and regulations in order to secure the safety of the products the company handles.  8. Laws relating to Intellectual Property Rights  Not to infringe the intellectual property rights of others. vely,  9.  Prohibition on Bribes and Administration of Entertainment and Gifts  Not to provide, propose or promise an illicit benefit to public officials, their equivalents or relatives (hereinafter collecti “Public Officials”) in Japan or overseas. Not to aid or conspire with other business entities for any of the above acts. Not to provide presents or client entertainment to a transaction partner that exceeds the accepted business and societal norms.  10. Prohibition on Conferring Benefits on Anti-Social Organizations  Not to engage in any activity for the benefit of any anti-social organization, and not to have a relationship with any such organization.  11. Environmental Protection  To use our best efforts to realize a sustainable society with awareness of our responsibility as good corporate citizens and in harmony with the prosperity of human society and conservation of the global environment.  12. Regulation on Insider Trading  Not to engage in an act which violates insider Trading regulations.  13. Proper Information Assets Management  To properly manage information assets (including those disclosed from outsiders).  14.  Appropriate Use of Information and Telecommunications Systems  Not to improperly use or damage information and telecommunications systems.  15. Proper Accounting, Filing of Tax Returns and Disclosure of Company Information  To proceed with accounting, filing of tax returns and disclosure of company information properly.  16.  Prohibition of Acts Constituting Conflicts of Interest  To conduct the business of the company faithfully and to refrain from any acts which constitute conflicts of interest.  20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 31 30  To observe strict national security regulations and sanctions compliance for maintenance of international peace and safety and not violate the law or enter into an inappropriate transaction as a global corporation.

Compliance Statement of the Marubeni Group “Fairness” “Innovation” “Harmony”  To be fair and transparent. To be active and innovative. To respect each other and cooperate.  Company Creed  Business activities of the Marubeni Group  Marubeni Management Philosophy  Compliance Statement of the Marubeni Group 5  In accordance with the spirit grounded in "Fairness, Innovation, and Harmony", the Marubeni Group is proudly committed to social and economic development and safeguarding the global environment by conducting fair and transparent corporate activities. As a company, the Corporation will strive to play its part in the growth of the global economy, and to enrich the society within which it operates while, as a business enterprise, actively pursuing its business interests through the exercise of fair and lawful competition. In order to achieve these goals, the Corporation is committed to the following six basic principles of business.  (January 1, 1998)  Marubeni Corporate Principles  We, the directors, officers and employees of the Marubeni Group, shall observe the laws, regulations and internal corporate rules, by observing the spirit of the values of “Fairness”, “Innovation” and “Harmony” expressed in our Company Creed, the Marubeni Management Philosophy and the Marubeni Corporate Principles, and shall conduct our business activities in compliance with a high corporate ethical code.

Marubeni Corporate Principles  (January 1, 1998)  Conduct Fair and Open Business Activities  Develop a Globally Connected Company  Create New Value Through Business Vision  Respect and Encourage Individuality and Originality  Promote Good Corporate Governance  Safeguard Ecological and Cultural Diversity  6 Marubeni Group Compliance Manual  Comply with laws and promote fair transactions. Maintain sound relationship with the politics and administration in Japan and abroad and ensure sales activities in free competition. Take a firm stand against antisocial activities and forces. Respect the culture of all countries and regions and contrib- ute to the prosperity of local economics through  business activities. Aim for development that is in harmony with the local commu- nities through a management system that is accepted globally. In addition to responding to changes in markets and industries, create changes ourselves and offer new products and services to markets and customers. Always take on new challenges without being constrained by existing practices or frameworks. Foster a free and vibrant corporate culture that respects the individuality of each person and allows them to fully demonstrate their originality. Act proactively, under self-management, to achieve goals. Proactively disclose information to the shareholders and society and improve the transparency of management. Respect proposals related to improvement, etc. of management and aim for a management that is open to the shareholders and society. Recognize the responsibility as a corporate citizen in international society and engage positively in social contribution activities. Pay attention to environmental problems to pass on a sound global environment to the future generations.

While the term “compliance” is sometimes used to mean “upholding laws”, today the term is also used to mean “upholding corporate ethics”.  For the Marubeni Group, compliance means conducting our business activities while observing laws, regulations and internal company rules in accordance with the philosophy incorporated in the Company Creed, Marubeni Management Philosophy and Marubeni Corporate Principles, and also maintaining a high standard of ethics.  Compliance is a prerequisite for a company to endure. This is because, if profits are not realized through sound business practices based on upholding rules and ethics, the company will betray the expectations and demands of various stakeholders (i.e., interested parties) such as consumers, business partners, shareholders and employees, and sooner or later society will no longer tolerate the existence of that company.  The term “compliance” is the guiding principle for the actions of company workers. 1. Meaning of Compliance  Compliance of the Marubeni Group  upholding  laws upholding corporate ethics  corporate activities maintaining a high standard of ethics upholding corporate ethics upholding laws  Compliance System of the Marubeni Group  Compliance System of the Marubeni Group 7

2. Who Practices Compliance 3. Role of the Compliance Committee 4. Chairman of Compliance Committee and Compliance Committee Members  The Compliance Committee, under the direct control of the President, ensures compliance of the Marubeni Group.  8 Marubeni Group Compliance Manual  The Chairman of Compliance Committee (nominated by the President) is the person responsible for ensuring that the compliance system is observed throughout the whole of the Marubeni Group. The Division and Branch Office Compliance Officers are responsible for ensuring compliance within their designated divisions or branch offices and the relevant Group Companies. In addition to the Divisions and Branch Office Compliance Officers, among the general managers of each department in the Corporate Staff Group, those who are appointed by the Chairman of Compliance Committee also serve as members of the Compliance Committee. Compliance within a corporation can only be achieved when every director, officer and employee in the corporation understands the significance of compliance and takes appropriate steps to adhere to its principles, not only in business but also in their private lives.

5. Compliance Access Point Marubeni Anti-Corruption Hotline  II.Compliance System of the Marubeni Group 9  The “Marubeni Anti-Corruption Hotline” is the Compliance Access Point for concerns relating to bribery and other serious crimes. It is available to the directors, officers and employees of Marubeni and Group Companies, directors, officers and employees within one year of leaving Marubeni Group, and our business partners. Offences subject to reporting are bribery, money laundering, illicit accounting, violation of the Financial Instru- ments and Exchange Act (including insider trading), violation of the Act on Prohibition of Private Monopolization and Maintenance of Fair Trade (Competition Law), and other serious crimes that are subject to punishment. If you become aware of any act or circumstance which is questionable in terms of compliance, and it is difficult to report it in accordance with the established lines of your organization, the following Compliance Access Point is available for reporting and consultation.

Marubeni Group Compliance Manual  Protection of Whistleblowers  Confidentiality and Prohibition of Disadvantageous Treatment  10  The confidentiality of the whistleblower shall be strictly observed. Directors, officers and employees of the company shall not prejudice any reporting person for honestly report- ing to the Compliance Access Point or any person who cooperated with the investigation for cooperating with the investigation. Person who leaks confidential information regarding a report or consultation may be subject to disciplinary action in accordance with Employment Rules. For the directors, officers and employees of the Group Companies, Compliance Committee Members  shall adequately provide guidance and supervise the Group Companies to ensure the same protection. Anyone who believes that the company has not acted in accordance with rules  and  above may consult with the Compliance Committee.  Protection of the directors, officers and employees of the Group Companies  Cases in which you have received disadvantageous treatment  Treatment of Reports  Possibility of anonymity  Notification to the Reported Person  Feedback  *  Confidentiality by the Whistleblowers  It is also important for the whistleblowers to manage confidentiality of information. If a whistleblower leaks the details of his/her report or consultation to others, the whistleblower will be identified within the company. As a result, it will be difficult to thoroughly observe the rules to protect whistleblowers, which may cause confusion when conducting an investigation. The whistleblower should not leak the details of the report or consultation to others. Depending on the country in which the person suspected of non-compliance (“Reported Person”), the Compliance Committee may provide such person that it has received a report or consultation regarding his/her conduct with facts, etc. related to a report or consultation. The Compliance Committee will use the utmost care to ensure that the whistleblowing does not incur any disadvantages for the whistleblower. In principle, a person filing a report or requesting consultation should provide his/her name (in many cases, anonymous  filing  may  make  investigation  impossible  in  practice),  which  shall  remain  confidential. However, a report or consultation through the Marubeni Anti-Corruption Hotline can be made anonymously. In principle, if a report or consultation is made by directors, officers and/or employees of Marubeni Corporation and the Group Companies, the Compliance Access Point shall provide feedback to the whistleblower on whether or not any action has been taken based on the report or the consultation and its summary. When you have reported to or asked for consultation with any Compliance Access Point established by the Group Companies, your report will be shared with our Compliance Control Department or Related departments via the Group Companies. Marubeni Corporation shall treat the information as confidential and provide advice to the Group Companies as necessary. * Please also see the “Q&A regarding the Compliance Access Point” at the end of this Compliance Manual.

6. Procedure to Follow When Problems Arise  When compliance problems arise, the following procedure shall be followed.  II. Compliance System of the Marubeni Group 11  Investigation and response  Upon receipt of a report, the Compliance Committee shall investigate the relevant issue. (The Compliance Committee shall instruct the relevant department(s) to inves- tigate the problem and determine an appropriate corrective measure.) If the Chairman of Compliance Committee considers the problem to be serious, he/she shall report the problem promptly to the President and/or Audit & Supervisory When the problem affects the entire company, the Compliance Committee shall promptly form an Investigation Sub-committee underneath the Compliance Commit- tee or otherwise find out the truth.  Directors, officers and employees cooperate with the above investigation in good faith.  Corrective measures and prevention of reoccurrence  When a compliance problem is confirmed as a result of investigation, corrective measures shall be implemented. When the problem affects the whole company, the Compliance Committee shall propose appropriate corrective measures, including measures to prevent recurrence.  Identification and reporting  When a manager has identified a compliance problem in our group, he/she shall report it immediately to the Compliance Committee Member  who has responsibility for his/her department via the established lines of his/her organization. When a director, officer or an employee has discovered that another director, officer or employee has been involved in bribery or violation of the Competition Law, he/she shall promptly report it to the Compliance Control Department. When a  Compliance Committee Member identifies a compliance problem, he/she shall report it immediately to the Compliance Committee.

7. Compliance Organization Chart of the Marubeni Group Role of the Compliance Committee  To produce the Compliance Manual and keep it updated;  To conduct education and training programs on compliance, including compliance seminars;  To monitor the status of the compliance system;  To investigate compliance problems and take appropriate measures when one arises; and To be the Compliance Access Point to employees of the Marubeni Group (it may instruct the relevant department(s) to deal with any of the above depending on its nature)  Role of a Compliance Committee Member  To establish, execute and maintain the compliance system of the designated Division;  12 Marubeni Group Compliance Manual  Marubeni Group Company Compliance Committee  Audit & Supervisory Board Members Reporting Lines (Through Supervisors) Direct control  Report  Instruct  Support/Provide guidance Report/Consult Group Employees Marubeni Hotline (Outside Legal Counsel) Marubeni Anti-Corruption Hotline (Bribery and other serious crimes) Employees Board of Directors Compliance Access Point Compliance Officer Reporting Lines (Through Supervisors)  Report to or consult at a Compliance Access Point Report or consult through regular reporting lines  Feedback  Chairman of Compliance Committee Compliance Committee Members Secretariat (Compliance Control Dept.) Marubeni Hotline (Compliance Committee)  To support and provide guidance to ensure that each Division can establish, execute and maintain its compliance system; To support and provide guidance to ensure compliance of the  Group Companies controlled and supervised by the Division; To produce the supplemental manual(s) which would match with the business of the Division; To ensure that the employees who belong to the Division attend the compliance seminars conducted by the Compliance Committee; Conduct and organize education and training programs on compliance, including internal compliance seminars to the Division members; and Monitor the status of the compliance system in the Division and the relevant Group Companies and report the results to the Compliance Committee. To investigate compliance problems in the Division and the relevant Group Companies and take appropriate measures when one arises  President & CEO Corporate Management Committee  To establish, execute and maintain the compliance system of Marubeni Group;

4. Measures to Handle Violating Conduct 2. Users 3. Scope of Application 1. Things to Keep in Mind When Using the Compliance Manual  This manual provides a framework for effective compliance within the Marubeni Group serving as a guideline to standards to be observed by all members of the Marubeni Group in the discharge of their daily operations. If you ever find yourself unsure about which course of action to follow from a compliance point of view, in the first instance you should refer to this manual. Having done so, if you are still unsure you should consult your manager or the relevant departments/sections in charge.  Use of the Compliance Manual  Use of the Compliance Manual 13  This manual shall be observed by directors, officers and employees of the Marubeni Group as well as those who work for the Marubeni Group, including secondees, part-time or temporary workers, and those individuals working as independent contractor pursuant to service agreements, etc. Each department shall be responsible for making all relevant workers aware of this manual and for ensuring that they comply with its principles. This manual only applies to the operations conducted by the Marubeni Group in Japan. Overseas offices are requested to prepare their own manuals based on the same principles but taking into account the laws, customs, and conventions of their countries and areas. Furthermore, since the Marubeni Group deals in a broad range of goods, services and transaction formats, this manual has been drafted on the assumption that each business division or Group Company shall promptly compile their own detailed manuals in conformity with and complementary to this manual, if necessary. If you become aware of a violation of this manual, are instructed by your superior to act in contravention of this manual, or find yourself inadvertently in contravention of this manual, you must not hesitate to report such contravention. Any violation of this manual may be subject to disciplinary punishment in accordance with Employment Rules etc.

Marubeni Group Compliance Manual  14  Matters to be Observed

Matters to be Observed 15  1. Respect Human Rights and Refrain from Any Form of Discrimination, Harassment and the Like To respect human rights and refrain from any form of discrimination, harassment and the like.  We shall refrain from any act that suggests pregnancy-, childbirth-, childcare- or nursing care-related harassment (speech and behavior, harassment, dismissal or other unfavorable treatment that interferes with the use of any system or measure involved in pregnancy, childbirth, childcare or nursing care). In addition, we must not permit such pregnancy-, childbirth-, childcare- or nursing care-related harassment. We shall make sustained efforts to comply with labor-related laws and ordinances and to create a good work environment. In addition, we must not permit unreasonably long working hours.  Note  (*) A supply chain comprises Marubeni Group, as well as suppliers, service providers, contractors, contract manufacturers, joint venture partners, subcontractors, and customers. We must not commit any sexual harassment (including harassment for sexual orientation or gender identity with respect to LGBTQ etc.). We also shall not tolerate such sexual harassment. We shall not engage in any conduct that harms the work environment (causing physical or mental pain) in the workplace by any speech or action beyond the scope necessary or appropriate for the purpose of business, against the backdrop of a dominant relationship (such harassment is called “power harassment” in Japan). We also shall not tolerate such power harassment. In connection with Marubeni Group business activities, we must not engage in any conduct that may cause or promote human rights violations against local communities, local residents, employees of suppliers, and a wide range of other stakeholders, and we must work to rectify human rights violations by third parties, if they are related to our business. We have set up Access Point on Marubeni Corporation’s website to receive complaints about human rights violations in order to rectify them. The term "human rights" as used herein shall include all the fundamental human rights provided for in the Constitution, the Labor Standards Act, the Industrial Safety and Health Act, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the International Labour Standards of the International Labour Organization (ILO), the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, and others. Marubeni Group strictly respects human rights in accordance with “Marubeni Group Basic Policies on Human Rights”, and the " Sustainability Basic Policy for Supply Chains " of Marubeni Corporation also includes provisions that prohibit human rights violations — "Any entity that is part of the supply chain of Marubeni Corporation shall respect human rights. In addition, said entity shall refrain from inhumane treatment, including discrimination, harassment of any kind whatsoever, and abuse."; "Such entity shall not employ child labor, force their employees to work, reduce wages without justifiable reason, or have their employees work unreasonably long hours". “Marubeni Group Basic Policies on Occupational Safety and Health” also calls for the entire Group to thoroughly prevent human rights violations at workplaces through efforts to improve occupational safety and health management. We shall respect human rights and shall refrain from any form of discrimination based on race, skin color, creed, religion, nationality, age, sex, origin, or mental or physical disabilities. Moreover, we shall not tolerate any discrimination by others.

Marubeni Group Compliance Manual  16  2. Compliance with the Antimonopoly Act and Related Laws and Regulations Not to engage in private monopoly, unreasonable restraint of trade (cartel) and other unfair trading practices.  Prohibition of Private Monopoly  Prohibition of Unreasonable Restraint of Trade  (1) Prohibition of Cartel (2) Prohibition of Bid Rigging (Regardless of Appellation, Such as Competitive Bids or Bidding)  Prohibition of Unfair Trade Practice  (1) Collaborated Boycott (2) Dumping Sale (3) Restriction of Resale Price  Observation of the Subcontract Act  We shall not restrict competition in the market by eliminating or controlling the business activities of other business entities, either by ourselves or as a member of a cartel. You shall be prohibited from being involved in cartels and bid rigging as described below. Moreover, except for cases permitted under the Management Regulations Related to the Competition Law (e.g., cases in which relevant information is exchanged with a competitor that is limited to the purpose of undertaking transactions), you shall not be allowed to exchange sensitive information with any competitors. (The following three categories of actions are examples of prohibited trade practices that are illegal per se. There are other acts which are prohibited as unfair trade practices. For details, please refer to the Antimonopoly Act Compliance Manual.) When we engage subcontractors to manufacture (including processing), repair, make software programs etc. or render services for us, we must, in accordance with the Subcontract Act, comply with the obligations there- under including the obligation to provide a documented order describing all the matters required to be incorpo- rated therein. In addition, we must not delay our payment (payment more than 60 days after receiving goods (or more than 1 month in case such calculation is made as of a particular day of every month) is a late payment), reduce our payment without just cause, issue promissory notes with excessive payment periods (more than 60 days, and issuance of promissory note or check for payment to subcontractor will be prohibited from January 1st, 2026), or we shall not determine payment amount without proper negotiation with subcontractor. Please note that, as a criterion for the application of the Subcontract Act, an employee number standard (300 employees criterion in manufacturing consignment, and 100 employees in service contract) has been added effective January 1st, 2026.  Observation of the Freelance Law  When conducting transactions such as manufacturing consignment, information product creation consign- ment, or service consignment with individuals who do not employ any workers or corporations with only one representative, it is also necessary to comply with the so-called Freelance Law (the Act on Ensuring Proper Transactions for Specified Entrusted Business Operators), which came into effect on November 1st, 2024. While many of the compliance requirements are similar to those stipulated under the Subcontract Act, even domestic business companies that previously did not need to comply with the Subcontract Act—such as those with a small capital amount—will now be required to comply. In addition to clarifying transaction terms in writing, companies must also improve the working environment by accurately displaying scope of work, considering work-life balance for childcare or caregiving, implementing measures against harassment, and providing a 30-day  prior notice in the event of mid-contract termination. We shall not collude with others to affect, for example, price, quantity, trade partner, trade territory or execution time, nor shall we instruct, aid and abet or tolerate such collusion. We shall not predetermine through prior discussions with other bidders the successful bidder or the price of the successful bid, nor shall we instruct, aid and abet or tolerate such determination. We shall not collaborate with other business entities to boycott a transaction or to encourage others to do so. We shall not supply goods or services at prices significantly lower than the production or purchase price to damage the businesses of other business entities. We shall not restrict our trade partners from freely setting their prices with their customers.

Matters to be Observed 17  We shall not acquire, use or disclose the trade secrets of others by means of theft, fraud, threat or by any other unlawful means. The same principle shall apply when we acquire the trade secrets of others, knowing that an unlawful acquisition or disclosure was involved (or not appreciating this due to gross negligence). We shall not make use of any mark which is identical or similar to a mark (trade name, trademark, identification mark) that is widely recognized as that of another. We also shall refrain from using trademarks which are identical or similar to the national flag, national emblem or other insignia of any country, without permission. We shall not apply a false or misleading mark on any goods, services or advertisements regarding the place of origin, quality, contents, production method, usage and/or quantity of such goods and services. We shall not damage the credibility of competitors by making false allegations. We shall not sell imitations of goods marketed by others which are (i) within three years of the date of initial sale, (ii) protected by a registered design right or (iii) well known among consumers. We shall not provide unjustifiable free gifts or use misleading labeling.  3. Prohibition of Unfair Competition Not to engage in unfair competition such as manufacturing and selling unlawful merchandise or unlawfully acquiring and using trade secrets.  We shall not fraudulently obtain or use data provided under the management of an ID and password etc. (limited data). We also shall not provide equipment which allows the “the breaking of protection” and which inhibit the effect of protection technologies (technical restrictions) such as encryption etc.

Marubeni Group Compliance Manual  18  4. Compliance with Various Business Laws and Regulations To obtain licenses and permits necessary to carry out business activities and comply with various business laws and regulations.  Secondhand Articles Business (the Secondhand Articles Business Act), Construction Business (the Construction Business Act), Real Estate Brokerage Business (the Real Estate Brokerage Act), Financial Instruments and Exchange Business (the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act), Import Business and Sales Business of Poisonous and Deleterious Substances (the Poisonous and Deleterious Substances Control Act), Sale Business of Pharmaceuticals and Sale/Lease/Repair Business of Medical Equipment (the Act on Securing Quality, Efficacy and Safety of Products Including Pharmaceuticals and Medical Devices), Import/Export Business of Raw Materials for Narcotics etc. (the Narcotics and Psychotropics Control Act), High Pressure Gas Sale Business (the High Pressure Gas Safety Act), Oil Import Business and Oil Distribution Business (the Oil Stockpiling Act), Explosive Sale Business (the Explosives Control Act), Agricultural  Chemicals  Sale  Business  (the  Agricultural  Chemicals  Regulation  Act),  Fertilizer  Import/Sale Business (the Fertilizer Control Act), Feedstuff Import/Sale Business, Feed Additive Import/Sale Business (the Act on Safety Assurance and Quality Improvement of Feeds), Livestock Business (the Livestock Dealers Act), Liquor Distribution Business (the Liquor Tax Act), Seed Sale Business (the Plant Variety Protection and Seed Act), Money Lending Business (the Money Lending Business Act), Forwarding Business (the Act on Land Forwarding, the Motor Truck Transportation Business Act, the Marine Transportation Act, the Consigned Freight Forwarding Business Act), Warehousing Business (the Warehousing Business Act), Waste Management Business (the Waste Management and Public Cleaning Act), Insurance Business (the Insurance Business Act). When we conduct business activities, we shall observe all relevant laws and regulations concerning matters such as quality standards, labeling methods, presentation of papers, periodic reporting and production of trade records. In particular, we should be aware of the laws listed below which we often come across during our regular daily business. However, we should be mindful of other laws and regulations that may apply depending on the form of trade and goods and services to be handled. The Act against Delay in Payment of Subcontract Proceeds, Etc. to Subcontractors (the Subcontract Act), the Installment Sales Act, the Act concerning Specified Commercial Transactions, the Food Sanitation Act, the Act on Japanese Agricultural Standards (JAS Act), the Food Labeling Act, the Electrical Appliances and Materials Safety Act, the Household Goods Quality Labeling Act, the Consumer Product Safety Act, the Unfair Competition Prevention Act, the Act against Unjustifiable Premiums and Misleading Representations, the Act on the Assessment of Releases of Specified Chemical Substances in the Environment and Promotion of Management Improvement (the PRTR Act), the Act on the Evaluation of Chemical Substances and Regulation of Their Manufacture, etc. (the Chemical Substances Control Law), and the Alcohol Business Act. When we perform such specific business activities as the sale/purchase of used goods, the production/sale/import-sale of pharmaceuticals and medical equipment, transport, and disposal of waste, we have to obtain all necessary permissions, approvals and/or licenses to carry out such activities and/or make any notifications and/or registration in accordance with any relevant business laws and regulations that affect such business activities. The main businesses that are subject to business laws and regulations are listed below, however, you should be aware that there are other businesses that are subject to laws and regulations.

Matters to be Observed 19  Acquisition of Permits and Authorizations for Import and Export  Prior to any goods being declared as imports or exports, permits, authorizations and/or notifications for import and export shall be obtained from the relevant governmental authorities.  Correct Declaration  (1)A correct declaration shall be submitted in accordance with the relevant custom laws and regulations. (2)If an error is found in the declaration, the appropriate correction procedure shall be adopted without delay. (3)Any applicable customs duty, consumption tax and other domestic consumption taxes shall be paid within the requisite period.  Precautions concerning the Goods Prohibited for Import or Export  Items such as narcotics and other similar drugs, handguns/swords, forged coins/notes and credit/debit cards, goods infringing intellectual property rights of others, books/pictures which corrupt public safety or morals that are prohibited for import or export by laws and regulations shall not be imported or exported (except in the case where import or export has been authorized by the appropriate governmental authority).  Compliance with Rules of Origin  5. Import and Export Procedures To observe laws, regulations and international treaties relating to international trade and to follow appropriate procedures for import and export.  When using Economic Partnership Agreement/Free Trade Agreement (“EPA/FTA”) or Generalized Systems of Preferences for export or import goods, we must make sure that the rules of origin that stipulate manufacturing processes, raw materials and other matters applicable to the goods are met, and then we must follow appro- priate procedures. Also, we must make sure that exporting goods meet origin criteria when using a non-preferential/preferential certificate of origin. Should it be found that the goods to be handled do not meet the specified rules of origin and/or origin criteria, or, that any change in manufacturing or processes have occurred that result in a loss of origin and denial of preferential tariff treatment for “EPA/FTA”, then we must promptly follow procedures and make a report, as required by the applicable laws. In particular, EPA/FTA have recently been expanding, and since each agree- ment has different rules of origin, it is essential to correctly understand the rules of origin of the agreement you intend to use.

Marubeni Group Compliance Manual  20  Conduct under Japanese Export Control Laws  Conduct under U.S. Sanctions Laws and Re-export Regulations, and Other Overseas Regulations  6. National Security Regulations and Sanctions Compliances  In conducting various transactions including but not limited to trade transactions, it is critical to comply with Japanese laws, etc. In addition, it is also critical to avoid exploiting our position of a global enterprise to engage in inappropriate transactions keeping in mind other foreign sanction and export control laws, as well as interna- tional agreements, etc., including resolutions of the United Nations Security Council. The United States applies its Sanctions Laws and Export Administration Regulations (EAR) outside the United States. The U.S. Sanctions Laws implements economic sanctions, such as prohibiting transactions with specific countries, individuals or organizations, from the viewpoint of U.S. security and foreign policy, etc. For example, various measures have been taken, such as prohibiting financial transactions with financial institutions in the sanctioned countries, prohibiting export and import transactions of goods with the government, entities and individuals of sanctioned countries, and prohibiting transactions that contribute to certain industries in the sanctioned countries. Therefore, careful trade screening is required not to conflict with the U.S. Sanctions Laws. The U.S. also regulates the re-export of U.S. products and technology from non-U.S. countries under the EAR. For example, if Japanese companies export U.S. origin products, Japanese products including some U.S. origin products, or Japanese products manufactured under U.S. technology licenses to third countries, they may be subject to U.S. re-export restrictions. Therefore, it is necessary to appropriately export them after determining whether or not they need to obtain licenses from the U.S. government. In addition, it should be noted that European sanctions and export control laws and regulations may also apply to transactions such as those within Europe or with European companies. The trade transactions which can become the subject of security trade controls under applicable law are export transactions, technology out-license and transfer transactions and intermediary trade transactions (collectively, hereinafter called the “Trade Transactions”). In conducting Trade Transactions, we must observe Japanese export control laws. If arms and weapons, or cargo and technology which are likely to be used in the development of weapons of mass destruction and conventional weapons as stipulated in laws or regulations (hereinafter called the ‘‘Restricted Goods’’), are the subject of Trade Transactions, government approval is required to be obtained in principle, and therefore, we need to properly verify whether or not the goods are identified as ‘‘Restricted Goods’’. Moreover, even in case the goods are not identified as ‘‘Restricted Goods’’, if they are likely to be used in the development of weapons of mass destruction or conventional weapons at the customers, etc., obtaining government approval is required (there may be cases where the government approval cannot be obtained). Therefore, it is necessary to properly verify the use of the goods and business activities of the customers.  To observe strict national security regulations and sanctions compliance for maintenance of international peace and safety and not violate the law or enter into an inappropriate transaction as a global corporation.

Matters to be Observed 21  Ordinary Course Administration of Product Safety  We must not only observe laws related to product safety, but also take preventative measures against product incidents such as collection of information regarding the safety reputation of the products, customer feedback and safety problems, proper warning labels, support for age deterioration and maintenance of agreements regarding product safety.  Administration of Product Safety Upon an Incident  We strive for prompt action which makes user safety a top priority, and if we err in this conduct, we will not only lose customer confidence, we will also be punished by society. When a safety problem arises, we must notify the buyers and the appropriate government authorities to minimize the damage(*), conduct an investigation to determine the cause and devise a plan to prevent future incidents.  7. Administration of Product Safety To administer product safety properly in compliance with related laws and regulations in order to secure the safety of the products the company handles.  For example, the manufacturer and the importer must report to the commissioner of Consumer Affairs Agency a significant accident involving a consumer product within 10 days of its knowledge of such accident. (*)

Marubeni Group Compliance Manual  22  Invention of a product including a computer program, a process, and a process for producing a product  Invention that is industrially applicable.  Novel and progressive invention. Ideas regarding form, structure or a combination of the two, not required to be as inventive as for a patent. Marks including Innovative design of goods, images, buildings, and interiors. characters and figures to distinguish own goods and services from those of others. Layout of semiconductor integrated circuit. Name used by a merchant for trading. New breed of plant. Creative expressions, including survey reports, music, artwork, photographs and computer program. To produce, use, assign, export or import goods utilizing a patent owned by others. Same as patent. Same as patent. To produce, sell, export or import goods marked with a trademark, which is identical or similar to that of others. To produce, sell or import products that are made utilizing a registered semiconductor integrated circuit created by others. To use a trade name identical or similar to that of others for trade of the same business, with intent to compete unfairly. To produce, sell, export or import seed, seeding or harvest thereof, which is registered by others. Illegal copying of newspaper articles (excluding current news reports and miscellaneous reports having the character of mere communications of facts).  Basic requirements  Form, structure or a combination of the two.  Does not corrupt public morals or hygiene.  Fulfills the consistency of matters to be described and the application.  Necessary matters are clearly described on statement sheets or drawings.  Ideas which are suitable for industrial use.  Innovative and progressive ideas.  Designs suitable for industrial use.  Form, structure or a combination of the two.  Appeal to the aesthetic sense.  Designs which are innovative and difficult to create.  Character(s), figure(s), sign(s), three-dimensional shape (s) or colors, or any combination thereof, sound, and anything else provided by Cabinet Order (Starting in April 2015, motion mark, hologram mark, color per se mark, sound mark, and position mark can be registered as trademarks).  To be used for goods or services.  Capable of distinguishing one’s goods and services.  Not identical or similar to trademark of others. Such right arises on application and registration. Does not require registration. Such right arises on application and registration. Does not need to follow any procedure, such right becomes effective upon creation. Protected Objects Patent Utility Model Registered Design Registered Trademark Copyright Semi- conductor Integrated Circuit Design Law on Seed & Seedling Trade Name Requirements or Characteristics  Example of Infringement In relation to the production, use, assignment, exportation and importation of newly developed goods, and the production, assignment, exportation, importation or supply of goods/services which are associated with marks including characters and figures, we shall investigate whether such activities infringe any intellectual property rights including patents and trademarks owned by others and confirm that they do not before execution of the transaction. We shall not infringe any copyrights owned by others by, for example, illegally copying or modifying computer software without the permission of the owners. (Please also refer to “14. Appropriate Use of Information and Telecommunications Systems”.)  8. Laws relating to Intellectual Property Rights Not to infringe the intellectual property rights of others.  Protected Objects, Requirements and Examples of Infringement regarding Intellectual Property Rights (Reference: Japan Patent Attorneys Association)

Matters to be Observed 23  9. Prohibition on Bribes and Administration of  Entertainment and Gifts Not to provide, propose or promise an illicit benefit to public officials, their equivalents or relatives (hereinafter collectively, “Public Officials”) in Japan or overseas. Not to aid or conspire with other business entities for any of the above acts. Not to provide presents or client entertainment to a transaction partner that exceeds the accepted business and societal norms.  Prohibition of Bribery  (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) Facilitation payments may not be made unless you are subject to intimidation, it is necessary to ensure the safety of life and body or there are laws or relevant documents issued by the relevant government which permit the facilitation payments. (6) Further, the Criminal Code, the Unfair Competition Prevention Act of Japan, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of the United States, the Bribery Act of the United Kingdom, and other applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws shall not be violated.  Prohibition of Excessive Client Entertainment  We shall not provide, propose or promise money or any other cash or other interests for improper purposes (hereafter “Illicit Benefits”) to any Public Officials in Japan or overseas. And we shall not aid or conspire with other business entities relating to the above acts. We shall not provide gifts or entertainment to Public Officials in Japan which violates the National Public Service Ethics Act, National Public Service Ethics Code or other regulations. With respect to gifts or entertainment to Public Officials outside Japan, we shall comply with equivalent regulations. We shall not instruct, instigate (abet) help (aid) or give silent consent to an agent, consultant, subcontractor or joint venture partner (hereinafter each a “Business Partner”) or enter into an agreement with a Business Partner to provide Illicit Benefits to either domestic or foreign governmental organizations or other customers for the purpose of making an improper solicitation. If we are aware of such activities, we shall not pay commissions/considerations to such Business Partner. Furthermore, when the company enters into an agreement with a Business Partner, we shall conduct a due diligence in advance and prescribe anti-corruption provisions in the agreement with the Business Partner in accordance with our internal regulations. We shall not provide, propose or promise Illicit Benefits to any executives or employees of other business entities (domestic or overseas) with the intent to induce the person to perform their duty improperly. We also shall not accept Illicit Benefits from other business entities with the same intent. We shall not provide money, presents, client entertainment or other benefits to directors, officers or employees of business partners that exceed what is socially regarded as reasonable. (In relation to receiving client entertainment, please refer to Paragraph (3) of “16. Prohibition of Acts Constituting Conflicts of Interest”.)

Marubeni Group Compliance Manual  24  10. Prohibition on Conferring Benefits on Anti-Social Organizations Not to engage in any activity for the benefit of any anti-social organization, and not to have a relationship with any such organization.  We shall not engage in anti-social activities that endanger the maintenance of public order and/or safety of the public. We shall not have a relationship at all with any group that performs such activities. If we became subject to an unreasonable demand by any anti-social organization, we shall not give in to it by offering money.  (A demand accompanied by a threat of force from a criminal organization or a request for benefits in return for exercising shareholders’ rights in a particular manner are both crimes.) We shall never deal with anti-social organizations, regardless of the reason or whether the transaction is within the law. We shall not use the influence of any anti-social organizations.  Note  (1) “Money laundering” is an illegal act to disguise funds and other properties obtained from criminal acts as those coming from a legitimate source by way of transferring them from one financial or other institution to another institution.  Its objective is to conceal the source of the funds or illegitimate activities which generate such funds. (2) Suspicious organizations or individuals must be confirmed by databases etc. (3) In principle, please include in the contract an “anti-social organization exclusion provision” (which is a provision that allows a party to terminate the contract when it becomes clear that the other party is an anti-social influence).  We shall not cooperate with money laundering by receiving, remitting and keeping funds, the source of which is not transparent, or by paying ransom in case of a ransomware attack which extort ransom payments. We should be careful not to allow ourselves to be used for money laundering purpose during the course of a transaction.

Matters to be Observed 25  11. Environmental Protection To use our best efforts to realize a sustainable society with awareness of our responsibility as good corporate citizens and in harmony with the prosperity of human society and conservation of the global environment.  Our global business activities in diverse fields across a broad range of sectors will be conducted in consideration of their possible impact on the environment. To this end, we must make appropriate efforts to preserve and protect the environment and reduce potential environmental impacts, including pollution in alliance with our stakeholders (e.g., effective use of resources, efforts to tackle climate change, and protection of biodiversity and ecosystems). From the viewpoint of sustainability, we demand efforts to observe (or go beyond) environmental laws and regulations. Please contact the Sustainability Promotion Department for details. We shall comply with international and local applicable environmental guidelines, laws and regulations, and agreed requirements. We shall take measures as necessary to reduce environmental impacts and prevent pollution, particularly in launching new projects or in changing the existing business, and shall take appropriate steps to make efficient use of natural resources, combat the climate change and preserve biodiversity and ecological system.  Note  In relation to green procurement, we shall not only take into account the quality and price of the resources, but also assess the environmental impact of using certain resources and whenever possible purchase from environmentally friendly business entities those products or services which have as little adverse impact as possible on the environment. We shall promote business projects, offer products and services, develop technology, and build social systems that help protect and improve the environment. We shall facilitate resource (minerals, food, water, etc.) and energy conservation, waste reduction, green procurement and increases in operational efficiency. In order to respond to climate change, we must strive to minimize greenhouse gas emissions.

Marubeni Group Compliance Manual  26  12. Regulation on Insider Trading Not to engage in an act which violates insider trading regulations.  Note  When we become aware of a  fact which shall possibly be deemed to be a material fact  that has not been publicly announced regarding listed companies, including Marubeni(or their subsidiaries or the asset manage- ment companies of listed investment corporations etc.), we shall keep such information strictly confidential and refrain from selling or buying the shares of such companies, etc. until such information is  released to the public.  Further, we shall not convey such information to a third party nor recommend to a third party the trading(such as selling or buying) of shares in listed companies, etc. other than this company(or their subsidiaries) prior to the disclosure of such information with the intent for the third party to make a profit or to avoid the suffering of a loss. “Material fact” means, among others, with respect to a listed company or its subsidiaries, or an asset management company of a listed investment corporation (i) a decision on important matters, (ii) occurrence of certain events, and (iii) changes to the business forecast. A material fact is deemed to be “released to the public” when (i) 12 hours have passed from the time a listed company announced to more than one news media, (ii) a financial report or the like including such material fact is available for public inspection or (iii) it is made public on the website of stock exchanges. A listed company, etc. means an issuer (including listed investment corporations, etc.) of securities listed on a stock exchange (limited to corporate bonds, preferred equity securities, stock certificates, stock acquisition rights, investment securities, investment unit acquisition rights, investment corpora- tion bonds, or foreign investment securities) or over-the-counter securities, green sheet securities, or phoenix securities. It is also prohibited to buy or sell shares of a listed company, etc., with knowledge of an unannounced tender offer, etc. In addition to the above, in accordance with the Company's Insider Trading Control Regulations, the Company's directors, officers and employees must comply with the followings;  When selling or buying shares or the like of the Company, we shall always submit the application for approval or the prior notification.  (1) We shall not sell or purchase shares or the like of the subsidiaries or affiliated companies of the Company which are listed on any of the stock exchanges without special approval from the General Manager of the Finance Department and the General Manager of the Legal Department. (2)

Matters to be Observed 27  13. Proper Information Assets Management To properly manage information assets (including those disclosed from outsiders).  Management of Information Assets We must avoid unauthorized use of information assets: for example, we must avoid disclosing information assets to outsiders without permission or use information assets for our own interests. In addition, taking out data from the company when leaving the company is strictly prohibited, and any employees, must not divulge information that they have learned in the course of doing business, use such information for their own interests or for the interests of others, or act otherwise to infringe upon the interests of the Marubeni Group. Furthermore, it is strictly prohibited to bring in or use any confidential information acquired from previous jobs, including part-time work and internships, that you may have learned in the course of your duties.  Disclosure of Information Assets Management of Critical Information Preservation of information Assets Management of Confidential Information Protection of Personal Information Handling of Specified Personal Information, etc. Action to Be Taken upon Occurrence of Accident (e.g., Divulging of Information) Any and all personal information ("personal information" refers to information concerning a certain living individual that enables such individual to be identified (e.g., name, date of birth) or information that contains a personal identification code; such information as may be obtained from a name card falls under personal information) shall be used only for the purposes as expressly notified to the respective providers. In addition, personal data shall not be made available to any third parties without justifiable reason, and shall be strictly managed in an appropriate manner in compliance with laws concerning the protection of personal information and other applicable norms in order to prevent unauthorized access, loss, falsification, divulging, and the like. If the handling of personal data is entrusted to a third party, it is necessary to supervise the third party to ensure that the third party properly manages the personal information. Only the Human Resources Department shall be empowered to handle personal information ("Specified Personal Information, etc.") containing a personal identification number (including any number, symbol and other code other than resident register code that correspond to the personal identification number and that are used in lieu of said personal identification number). If the handling of Specified Personal Information, etc. is entrusted to a third party, supervision shall be exercised over the third party to ensure that the third party properly handles the Specified Personal Information, etc. Upon occurrence of an accident such as the divulging of information, a report shall be immediately made to the relevant Marubeni Group in accordance with the predetermined procedure. If it is necessary to disclose confidential information to an outsider for a business-related reason, a non-disclosure agreement must be entered into beforehand. In addition, if any information asset is disclosed from an outsider after a non-disclosure agreement has been entered into, the information asset must be managed in accordance with said agreement. Do not change or dispose of information assets when preservation measures are taken for information assets, etc. related to the occurrence of lawsuits or matters that may violate laws and regulations. Any and all critical information shall be managed such that their originals are kept and retained. In addition, all possible measures shall be taken to prevent their loss or destruction, or similar. Any and all confidential information shall be appropriately managed according to their respective degree of confidentiality. In addition, all possible measures shall be taken to prevent the divulging of such confidential information. In principle, confidential information may not be taken out of the company. However, if it is neces- sary to take confidential information out of the company for business purposes, it needs to be stored on IT devices equipped with advanced encryption protocols.

Marubeni Group Compliance Manual Marubeni Group Compliance Manual 28  14. Appropriate Use of Information and Telecommunications Systems Not to improperly use or damage information and telecommunications systems.  Appropriate Use of Information and Telecommunications Systems We shall use information and telecommunications systems and IT devices (hereinafter, the "Systems") in compliance with applicable laws and regulations, endeavoring to make effective use of electronic information and maintain the reliability of such information. Do not use any systems other than those provided by the company, for business use. Private use of company-provided systems must be restricted to the minimum required.  Trainings To prevent the loss or leakage of electronic information due to human factors, employees must attend IT security training provided by the company. It is essential to understand relevant laws, regulations, company policies, and any security alerts issued by the company.  Key Management and Crime Prevention Measures To prevent the loss or leakage of electronic information, it is necessary to implement crime prevention measures in work areas (such as restricting entry/ exit and locking doors, etc.), and measures to prevent the loss or theft of PCs, etc. and measures to prevent snooping by third parties when outside the company etc.  Access Control Each employee must manage their accounts and passwords used to access the system in such a way that they are not known to others, avoiding the use of simple or easily guessable character strings or the reuse of previously used ones. They must not interfere with business operations by illegally accessing the system, illegally obtaining information, or destroying or malfunctioning the system by using another person’s account or password or by any other means.  Management of IT Devices and Software Employees shall ensure that they record confidential information in IT devices that are owned by company to the minimum extent necessary, as well as ensure that they take such IT devices out of their workplaces to the minimum extent necessary. Should a loss or theft of such an IT device or confidential information occur, the relevant employee shall immediately make a report to his/her Marubeni Group in accordance with the predetermined procedure. Unauthorized setting changes and functional alterations, as well as the illegal acquisition, use, reproduction, modification, distribution and the like of copyrighted works (e.g., programs) in relation to the aforementioned IT devices and confidential information shall be prohibited.  Anti-virus Measures In order to prevent accidents resulting from virus infection, including the divulging of information, employees shall keep updated the anti-virus software installed on their PCs, and upon receiving a notice of software update, they shall promptly execute and apply the up-to-date version of the software. If any sign of virus infection (e.g., PC's abnormal behavior, the display of unusual messages) is found, a report shall be made immediately in accordance with the predetermined procedure.  Use of Emails In relation to the use of emails, we shall note that incoming and outgoing messages are retained. Whenever we send or receive an email, we shall check if its destination and contents are correct. Employees must be careful not to open emails or attachments carelessly. If requested to change payment account details, such changes should be separately confirmed with your business partners, either by phone or face-to-face, to safeguard against the possibility of email accounts being hacked (to tackle with the possibility of sales staff' email accounts being impersonated, payment verification personnel should confirm with the sales staff directly via phone or in person).  Use of chat tools Only chat tools that are either company-approved standard tools or individually authorized may be used. When using these tools, please be mindful of the following two points: 1.When communicating with external parties, refrain from any exchanges related to the acquisition or loss of company’s rights  and obligations 2. If using an individually authorized chat tool, strictly limit its use to essential tasks only  Use of the Internet/SNS Employees shall not access websites where there is a possibility of divulging information, fraud or virus infection, etc. Business information must not be posted on websites or SNS, etc. except as permitted by the company.  Refrain from posting any content that could reveal business trip destinations or identify business partners, including comments, photos, or potentially defamatory remarks.  Remote Work When accessing the company environment from a personal computer using remote access systems such as VDI, employees are responsible for implementing their own virus protection measures and applying security patches to both the system in use and their personal computers. The use of public Wi-Fi must be kept to a minimum. If it must be used, it is necessary to confirm wheth- er authentication/encryption is performed by a reliable provider.

Matters to be Observed 29  15. Proper Accounting, Filing of Tax Returns and Disclosure of Company Information To proceed with accounting, filing of tax returns and disclosure of company information properly.  Proper Accounting  (1) Matching Principle Revenues and expenses shall be recorded in the reporting period during which such items have actually accrued. When the revenue is recorded, the relevant expense corresponding to such revenue shall also be recorded at the same time. (2) Principle of Proper Recording Recording shall be made promptly after the transaction has occurred based on the evidentiary documents. (3) Principle of Retaining Evidentiary Documents Evidentiary documents shall be properly and orderly retained for the period provided in the related rules and regulations.  Proper Filing of Tax Returns  Tax returns of all kinds shall be properly filed in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations.  Proper Disclosure of Company Information  In the process of accounting, we shall comply with all related laws, regulations and corporate internal rules, e.g., accounting rules, and accounting principles generally accepted as fair and proper.  We shall also fairly and accurately represent our accounting facts and shall not improperly account for our financial position or business results. We, as a listed company, shall timely, properly and fairly disclose company information in relation to the company’s business operations, management and results which would have a material effect on a decision in investing the company. Here, improper accounting refers to the misrepresentation of financial statements representing revenue and expenses, asset liabilities and cash flows (not including cases where due to human error etc.). Improper accounting includes not only the recording of advance profits, postponed expenses, over-recording assets, improper impairment assessments or under-recording improper impairment assessments liabilities, but also for deferring profits when budget is overdue and the recording of cash flows in inappropriate categories or periods etc. (so-called embellishment, fraud and misappropriation included in improper accounting). *

Marubeni Group Compliance Manual  30  16. Prohibition of Acts Constituting Conflicts of Interest To conduct the business of the company faithfully and to refrain from any acts which constitute conflicts of interest.  Prohibition of Acts Constituting Conflicts of Interest  (1 )We shall not perform any act that may injure the reputation and/or the credibility of this company. (2) We shall not perform any act that may diminish or destroy the value of the company’s tangible or intangible assets. (3) We shall not conduct an act that will potentially yield collusive relations with a specific business partner such as to receive monetary or other considerations, entertainment and other benefits, which exceed the scope of the social standard, from the specific business partner or its director/employee or to have such person(s) guarantee our personal debt. (4) Upon termination of employment with the company, we shall return all property that belongs to the company. We shall refrain from using or misusing any such property after leaving the company. (5) We shall not be engaged in other occupations, assume a position as a director, executive officer, operating officer, auditor or administrative officer of any other company or operate our own business, without first obtaining the permission of this company. (6) Before we perform an act that may possibly constitute a conflict of interest with this company, we shall first obtain the necessary authorization or permission required by the relevant laws, regulations and internal corporate rules. (7) (8) We shall not help (aid) our business partner’s misconduct.  Drawing Lines between Official and Private Affairs  (1) We shall not use the company’s assets for our personal benefit. (2) We shall ensure that our working lives and private lives are clearly separated, and shall refrain from performing activities for our personal benefit at the work place without permission of the company relating to, for example, politics, religion, residents’ associations, volunteer organizations or recreational organizations that have no connection to our role within the business. We shall not perform any act that exceeds our scope of authority, bearing in mind that the company may be held liable for actions performed in the course of our employment even if such acts exceed our scope of authority.

Regarding the Compliance Access Point  Q&A Regarding the Compliance Access Points 31  We established the “Marubeni Anti-Corruption Hotline” as a Compliance Access Point for the entire Marubeni Group. The “Marubeni Anti-Corruption Hotline” deals with serious crimes. However, in the event that you receive an instruction that discourages you from using the “Marubeni Anti-Corruption Hotline”, please report it to the “Marubeni Anti-Corruption Hotline”. Can  employees  of  the  Group  Companies  use  the  “Marubeni Anti-Corruption Hotline”? My supervisor told me that I should use the Compliance Access Point of my own company and not the Marubeni Anti-Corruption Hotline…  Q -1 A -2 Q -2 Q  A  What kind of matters should I report to or seek consultation for at the Compliance Access Point?  Marubeni Anti-Corruption Hotline  The “Marubeni Anti-Corruption Hotline” deals with bribery, money laundering, illicit accounting, violation of the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act (including insider trading), violation of the Act on Prohibition of Private Monopolization and Maintenance of Fair Trade (Competition Law) and other serious crimes that would lead to criminal penalties.  A -1  Any of the aforementioned violations will cause a seriously adverse effect on Marubeni Group. By reporting them, you may help prevent significant problems or losses from arising. Please do not hesitate to make a report when you have any concerns or have questions about relevant violations.

The fundamental premise of the Compliance Access Point is to provide an objective and fair investigation and response. Acceptance of a report or consultation  We will limit the number of participants in the investigation to ensure secrecy.  Marubeni Group Compliance Manual  32  We strictly protect your confidentiality. The whistleblower will not be disadvantaged in any way by reason of the report or consultation made in good faith. We will not tolerate any retaliation against you for your honest report or consultation. Conduct investigation  Collecting information from a whistleblower and investigating associated facts  We will confirm the facts and reasons for the matter that you have reported consulted on with us. (Accordingly, we may ask you to cooperate with us to gather objective evidence to assist with our investigation.)  Collecting information from relevant person(s)  Collecting information from a Reported Person  If you report or consult with us that a specific person has committed a compliance violation, we will collect information from the Reported Person (to ensure that the investigation is fair).  Formulate and implement corrective measures and measures to prevent recurrence  Fact-finding regarding a report or consultation We will implement corrective measures and measures to prevent recurrence based on the result of our fact-finding. The aforementioned process is generally assumed, but it may change due to the circumstances of each case, etc. However, confidentiality and prohibition of disadvantageous treatment shall remain unchanged. Feedback  We may not be able to provide such feedback in case of an anonymous reporting or consultation etc.  We will ultimately provide a whistleblower with feedback (such as fact-finding for a report or consultation, corrective measures, etc.). Follow-up  (It may be deemed unnecessary to conduct a follow-up, depending on the content of the report/consultation.) Corrective action will be taken as necessary.  As necessary, confirmation will be made as to whether whistleblowers or related parties have received any disadvantageous treatment.  A -3 A -4 Q -3 Q -4  Can I get into trouble if people around me find out about my report to the Compliance Access Point? If I report to or consult with you at the Compliance Access Point, in practice, how do you respond?

retaliation against whistleblowers and ignored disadvantageous treatment  Can I report to or consult with you at the Compliance Access Point anonymously? It is our policy that we ask you to identify yourself at the time of the report or consultation.  Reas  on  Can you really guarantee that I will not be adversely treated by the company? Irresponsible responses to a report or a consultation Spread of “Feelings of Giving Up” within the company Ignoring breaches, violations, and illicit acts Loss of the company’s self-regulatory internal control function Scandal occurs!  Management crisis  Q&A Regarding the Compliance Access Points 33  In order to investigate the facts and to provide feedback on the results of the investigation to you, the Compliance Committee must be able to contact you. Moreover, it is possible that the content of the report or consultation may create or involve an incorrect or unsupported allegation against the Reported Person, and we must also be careful to protect the reputation of the Reported Person. However, the “Marubeni Anti-Corruption Hotline” accepts anonymous report or consultation in light of the importance of the nature of relevant sensitive information we expect to receive through it.  Your report or request for consultation before a major scandal arises is a remarkably important “awareness” opportunity for our management. In order to protect the company, our manage- ment believes that it is essential for Compliance Access Point to function. The company will thoroughly protect whistleblowers and prohibit disadvantageous treatment against them due to reporting and consultation, and will follow up as necessary. If the company allows disadvantageous treatment to someone that has reported or consulted, that might cause executives or employees of the Group to ignore unfair acts, and the company could lose its self-regulatory internal control function. The company may also place itself at risk in the event that a scandal is suddenly discovered in connection with an inspection by authorities or a prosecution by judicial authorities, etc. The company will resolutely protect whistleblowers and will not tolerate any form of retaliation.  Disadvantageous treatment includes: Disadvantageous treatment concerning employee status (forced retirement, rejection of labor contracts renewal, orders to take leave, etc.)  Personnel disadvantages (demotion, order to relocate or take long-term business trip that is disadvantageous, disad- vantageous handling of promotions or advancement, etc.)  Disadvantageous economic treatment (reduction of salary, benefits, welfare benefits, etc., discrimination in the assessment of salary increases or bonuses, claim for damages, etc.)  Treatment disadvantageous to mental health or life (Not providing work, requiring troublesome work tasks, not allow- ing participation in company events, intentionally leaking personal/confidential information, etc.)  * It is prohibited to use Compliance Access Point for the purpose of slandering or defaming others, for personal gain, or for any other improper purpose. Please note that those who consult, or report for such unjust purposes may be subject to disciplinary action in accordance with the employment regulations etc.  A -5 Q -5 A -6 Q -6

Marubeni Group Compliance Manual  34  If I am implicated in a report, will I be informed and what rights do I have regarding the information contained in the report?  Notice to the Reported Person  Information Access Right of the Reported Person  The Compliance Committee shall notify the Reported Person of the following information without delay.  the allegations he/she is accused of  Name of the departments with which the Compliance Committee might share the report and consultation contents  how to exercise his/her rights of access and rectification to relevant information that is the subject of reporting or consultation  through this process. However, the company is entitled to delay giving this notification if there is a risk that such notification would jeopardize the ability of the company to effectively investigate the allegation or gather the necessary evidence. The Reported Person has the right to have access to relevant information that is the subject of reporting or consultation in order to check its accuracy and rectify it if it is inaccurate, incomplete or outdated. However, the company is entitled to restrict the exercise of these rights in order to ensure the protection of the rights and freedoms of others involved in the reporting or consultation, in particular so as to maintain the confidentiality of a whistleblower. In such a case, the Reported Person will not be able to obtain information about the identity of the whistleblower without prior consent of the whistleblower.  If there is a legal requirement (especially in EU countries) regarding the protection of personal information, including breach information, regarding the subject of the report, we will take the following actions to comply with such laws and regulations.  * In Japan, there is no law or regulation that requires such notice or the like. Therefore, in principle, such notice to the subject of the report will not be made.  A -7 Q -7

Marubeni Corporation Compliance Committee  Twenty-Second Edition  October 1, 2025  This Compliance Manual is an English translation of the Compliance Manual originally written in Japanese. As described in the third paragraph titled “Scope of Application” on page 13, this Compliance Manual applies to the business operations conducted by the Marubeni Group in Japan. Overseas offices are requested to prepare their own manuals based on the same principles but taking into account the laws, customs, and conventions of their countries and areas.


</Sogo Sosha_Japan_Marubeni Corporation_2025.pdf>