This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Sogo Sosha_Japan_Mitsui & Co._2024.pdf>



*From a legal perspective, there is no continuity between the former Mitsui & Co. and the present Mitsui & Co., and they are totally separate corporate entities.  “Let not short term gains  tempt your mind,  seek only enduring prosperity by  embracing grand aspirations. ”  Takashi Masuda  The first president of the former Mitsui & Co.

To All Employees and Officers of  the Mitsui & Co. Group  Foreword  Business is built on a foundation of trust, and compliance is necessary to  maintain and foster such trust. In our pursuit of compliance, it is not enough  simply to obey laws, regulations, and norms. It is also extremely important that  we continually verify the appropriateness of our words and actions against our  sense of integrity.  Takashi Masuda, the first president of the former Mitsui & Co., once said, “Let not  short term gains tempt your mind, seek only enduring prosperity by embracing  grand aspirations.” Since then, the Mitsui & Co. Group has inherited the spirit of  working with high aspirations to realize valuable business that is truly required  by society. The foundation on which those high aspirations are based is integrity.  Mitsui & Co. and each of the Mitsui & Co. Group companies have individually  established  their  own  corporate  philosophy  (MVV)  and  business  conduct  guidelines. While such company-level initiatives remain very important, we have  put together the Mitsui & Co. Group Conduct Guidelines —With Integrity— to  share our approach towards integrity and compliance on a global group basis  and to continue achieving sustainable growth as a group.  As a member of the Mitsui & Co. Group, you should ensure that you fully  understand these guidelines and use them as the basis for judgment in your day-  to-day work. While engaging in your daily work with integrity, you should always  ask yourself if the work or business that you are involved in is something you are  truly able to be proud of, even in front of your valued family and friends.  I hope that everyone will put these guidelines into practice in our business life  and workplace in order to further accelerate the growth of the Mitsui & Co. Group.  Kenichi Hori  Representative Director  President and Chief Executive Officer  Mitsui & Co., Ltd.  3 With Integrity With Integrity

Contents  9  01  Compliance and Integrity  02  Respect for Human Rights and  Cultural Diversity  03  Commitment to Health & Safety  04  Crisis Management  Part1  Acting as Members of  the International Community  13  14  15  07  Compliance with Antitrust  and  Competition Laws  08  Gifts and Entertainment  09  Political Donations and  Contributions  10  Conflicts of Interest  11  Insider Trading  12  Information and  Intellectual Property  13  Compliance with Trade Procedures,  Laws and Regulations, and Attention  to International Situations, Etc.  14  Financial Reports and  Tax Compliance  15  Responding to  Organized  Crime Groups  Part3  Fair Business Practices  11  05  Diversity & Inclusion  06  Working Environment  Part2  An Open-minded  Organization  17  16  Resolving Environmental  Issues  17  Social Contributions  Part4  Facing Up to  Global Challenges  19  18  Reporting  19  Prohibition against  Detrimental  Treatment  and Retaliation  Part5  Speaking  U p  3  To All Employees and Officers of the Mitsui & Co. Group  Kenichi Hori  Representative Director, President and Chief Executive Officer Mitsui & Co., Ltd.  6  Five Key Principles  7  Key Questions of Integrity

Introduction  The Mitsui & Co. Group must continue  to respond to the trust placed in us by society  with good faith and sincerity,  always acting fairly and with humility.  These conduct guidelines aim to  set out the considerations that all employees of  the Mitsui & Co. Group should always ask  themselves in determining  whether their conduct is guided by integrity.  Please read these guidelines  if ever you are in doubt about a judgment relating  to your day-to-day work.  If you are uncertain or feel that something is not right,  please speak up without hesitation.  Trust is the Mitsui & Co. Group’s most important asset,  and it is built upon our commitment  to act with integrity.  * Mitsui & Co. has established the “Business Conduct Guidelines for Employees and Officers of Mitsui & Co., Ltd.”  ( “BCG” ) ,  and based on the content of the BCG, each of the Mitsui & Co. Group companies has also set their own business  conduct guidelines. In addition to following the “Mitsui & Co. Group Conduct Guidelines”, every officer and employee  of the Mitsui & Co. Group must comply with the business conduct guidelines of the company to which they belong.  5 With Integrity With Integrity

Five Key Principles  The “Mitsui & Co. Group Conduct Guidelines” are divided  into five parts, and the key principle for each part is set out below.  As these are the core elements of the Mitsui & Co. Group’s approach to acting with integrity,  please keep the following five key principles in mind:  We will comply with laws and regulations, and act with the highest ethical standards.  We will respect human rights and never engage in discrimination of any kind.  01  We will respect the individuality and diversity of every employee,  and foster a culture of open-mindedness.  02  We will engage in fair business practices, and respond to the trust placed in us  by society with good faith and sincerity.  03  We will contribute to creating an eco-friendly society. 04  We will speak up with courage when we feel that something is wrong,  for the good of the company.  05  6 With Integrity With Integrity

Key Questions of Integrity  These conduct guidelines do not comprehensively cover  every possible situation that you may face in your day-to-day work.  The important thing is your commitment to  verify that you and those around you are conducting yourselves  with integrity at all times.  If you are ever unsure  about what action to take,  please ask yourself  these questions:  Is it right?  Q1  Is it honest?  Q2  Is it ethical?  Q3  7 With Integrity With Integrity

KEY PRINCIPLE  We will comply with laws and regulations, and act with the  highest ethical standards. We will respect human rights  and never engage in discrimination of any kind.  OUR THOUGHTS  In addition to complying with the laws and regulations of the  countries or regions where we do business, it is also necessary to  understand and respect the background of our counterparts, and  to conduct our business with integrity. The Mitsui & Co. Group is  engaged in businesses all over the world, and so we must ensure  that such spirit and behavior are fully embedded in our approach,  and that our business operations are constantly guided by our  awareness of our role as members of the international community.  It is only then that we are able to create value on a global scale.  1 Part  Acting as Members of  the International Community  8 With Integrity With Integrity

01  Compliance and Integrity  03  Commitment to Health & Safety  02  Respect for Human Rights  and Cultural Diversity  04  Crisis Management  •  We will be aware of our role as members of the international  community, and comply with the laws and regulations of  every country and region where we do business.  •  We will be guided by our conscience and dignity as  businesspeople and act with the highest ethical standards,  and will avoid any wrongdoing.  •  We will uphold the value of integrity and strive to consistently  make ethical decisions. We will not engage in any business  activities that could compromise our integrity.  •  We will place the highest priority on the health and safety of  ourselves and all those connected with our business  activities, prevent occupational accidents and protect their  health and safety by creating a safe working environment.  •  We will comply with all applicable laws and regulations  regarding occupational health and safety of each relevant  country and region, and constantly pursue and comply with  optimal safety standards for each business activity.  •  We will respect international standards of human rights and  will not commit any human rights violations, and will  endeavor not to contribute to human rights violations through  our business relationships. We will expect our business  partners and others to understand and adhere to our  policies and to cooperate with us in promoting respect for  human rights, thereby preventing them from participating  in human rights violations.  •  We will respect human rights and will not discriminate or  tolerate discrimination on any grounds whatsoever.  •  We will gain a thorough understanding of the culture,  customs, and history of every country and region where we  do business and respect them.  •  We will be prepared to assess and mitigate risks such as  those posed by terrorism, cyberattacks, natural disasters,  and infectious diseases. In the event of a disaster or crisis,  we will respond swiftly and appropriately, prioritizing the  safety of human life.  9 With Integrity With Integrity

KEY PRINCIPLE  We will respect the individuality and diversity of  every employee, and foster a culture of open-mindedness.  OUR THOUGHTS  One of the most important elements of the corporate culture and  philosophy that has been passed down since the founding of the  former Mitsui & Co. is “open-mindedness”. An organizational culture  in which every employee expresses their opinion freely and is listened  to by other employees, including their superiors, has been the basis  for our track record in “Challenge and Innovation” over the years,  producing countless valuable business initiatives. For the Mitsui & Co.  Group to continue with this spirit of “Challenge and Innovation”, it is  essential to maintain an organizational culture based on open-  mindedness and that enables active communication. We must  never tolerate behavior that hinders “open-mindedness”, such as  discrimination, harassment, or the denial of individuality and diversity.  2 Part  An Open-minded Organization  10 With Integrity With Integrity

05  Diversity & Inclusion  06  Working Environment  •  We will provide an environment where each individual and  the diversity of every employee in the Mitsui & Co. Group is  respected. We will realize a workplace where diverse  individuals can demonstrate their full potential, working  with a sense of unity, regardless of individual attributes.  •  We will ensure that our work style and work environment  a l l o w s o u r p e o p l e t o d e m o n s t ra t e t h e i r a b i l i t i e s  notwithstanding their circumstances, such as childcare and  nursing care, or disabilities.  •  We will strive to foster a culture of open-mindedness and  cultivate a vibrant and open working environment.  •  We will not tolerate any form of discrimination or  harassment, including sexual harassment or workplace  bullying.  11 With Integrity With Integrity

KEY PRINCIPLE  We will engage in fair business practices, and respond to  the trust placed in us by society with good faith and sincerity.  OUR THOUGHTS  Throughout its long history, the Mitsui & Co. Group has built trust  with its customers, partners, society, and the world. That trust is,  without doubt, one of our most important assets, and could only  be earned through the fair and honest approach to business  adopted by every employee and Mitsui & Co. Group company.  Needless to say, we must comply with laws and regulations, but we  should also constantly verify that our actions are appropriate when  weighed against social norms and ethics, and that we can be proud  of our actions. Trust is an irreplaceable asset for the Mitsui & Co.  Group, and we will continue to protect and build that trust by  continuing to maintain our commitment to fairness and honesty in  our business activities.  3 Part  Fair Business Practices  12 With Integrity With Integrity

08  Gifts and Entertainment  09  Political Donations and  Contributions  •  We will comply with laws and regulations concerning  corruption and bribery. We will not provide inappropriate  gifts, entertainment, or other economic benefits.  •  We will not accept gifts, entertainment, or other economic  benefits that exceed socially appropriate levels.  •  We will verify applicable laws and regulations to avoid  involvement in any illegal activities.  •  We will make clear the purpose and social significance of  any political donations or contributions to various  o rg a n i z a t i o n s , c o m p l y w i t h t h e re l eva n t l a w s a n d  regulations, and follow all official procedures to ensure  transparency.  07  Compliance with Antitrust  and Competition Laws  •  We will comply with all laws and regulations concerning  antitrust and fair competition in all countries and regions  where we do business. We will always compete fairly and  freely.  •  We will verify applicable laws and regulations to avoid  involvement in any illegal activities.  13 With Integrity With Integrity

11  Insider Trading  •  We will not trade in shares or other securities using material  non-public information pertaining to the Mitsui & Co. Group  or its business partners.  10  Conflicts of Interest  •  We will not engage in activities that conflict with the  interests of the company, such as trading with the company  on our own behalf, or giving priority to another company’s  interests.  •  We will use the company’s assets and information systems  only for business purposes.  12  Information and  Intellectual Property  •  We will strictly control the handling of the company’s  confidential information and use such information solely for  the company's business operations and will not leak or use  the information for any other purpose, both during and  after anyone’s employment with the company.  •  We will strictly control the handling of personal information  and comply with relevant laws and regulations.  •  We will respect the confidential information and intellectual  property rights of third parties.  •  We will strive to better understand cyberattacks and the  associated risks to prevent us from inadvertently causing  h a r m t h ro u g h c a re l e s s n e s s o r o t h e r m e a n s , a n d  unintentionally contributing to the occurrence of such  unlawful incidents.  14 With Integrity With Integrity

13  Compliance with Trade  Procedures, Laws and  Regulations, and Attention to  International Situations, Etc.  •  We will comply with the laws, regulations, and procedures  in relation to the import and export of goods, offshore  trade, investment business, and other commercial activities,  as well as trade and investment regulations, sanctions-  related laws and regulations, and economic security  regulations.  •  We will comply with the laws and regulations relating to  security trade controls in export and international trade to  maintain global peace and security.  •  We will understand the laws and regulations applicable to  our business, products, services, etc., and will comply with  the procedures related to any necessary permits and  approvals.  •  We will cooperate with governments and other relevant  authorities and pay sufficient attention to each country's  policies and measures considering international situations  and economic security.  14  Financial Reports  and Tax Compliance  15  Responding to  Organized Crime Groups  •  We will use the company’s funds and assets only for legitimate  business purposes, and manage them appropriately.  •  We will report financial information appropriately and in a  timely manner, and comply with our tax obligations in an  appropriate and fair manner.  •  We will maintain a resolute stance against organized crime  groups, and will not engage in any form of transactions with  organized crime groups or business partners related to  organized crime groups.  •  We will not be involved in any criminal activity, such as  terrorism or money laundering.  15 With Integrity With Integrity

KEY PRINCIPLE  We will contribute to creating an eco-friendly society.  OUR THOUGHTS  Mitsui & Co.’s corporate mission as defined in its Mission, Vision,  Values (MVV) is to realize a better tomorrow for earth and for  people around the world and to  “Build brighter futures,  everywhere”. Based on the MVV, we regard sustainability initiatives  as an important management issue, and, in accordance with our  Sustainability Policy and other relevant policies, place a strong  emphasis on sustainability in our corporate management. Mitsui &  Co. Group will take on the challenge of addressing global issues  and contributing to the realization of a sustainable society and  economic growth through our business activities.  4 Part  Facing Up to Global Challenges  16 With Integrity With Integrity

17  Social Contributions  •  We will contribute to the sustainable growth of society and  the company, as a good corporate citizen, by actively  pursuing social contributions based on resolving societal  issues and building relationships of trust through dialogue  and harmony with stakeholders in all countries and regions  of the world, and thereby realize prosperity and a high  quality of life in local communities and the international  community.  16  Resolving Environmental Issues  •  We will comply with relevant environmental laws and  regulations, international standards, and other such  agreements made by the company, in pursuing our  business activities.  •  We will work, through our business activities, to mitigate  and adapt to climate change; conserve water resources;  conserve biodiversity; prevent air, water, ocean and soil  pollution; improve efficiency in the use of resources and  energy; decrease waste; achieve economic growth while  reducing our burden on the environment; and develop and  promote technologies that reduce environmental impact.  17 With Integrity With Integrity

KEY PRINCIPLE  We will speak up with courage when we feel that  something is wrong, for the good of the company.  OUR THOUGHTS  Those who courageously speak up when they suspect or are aware  that something is wrong help to protect the Mitsui & Co. Group and  its stakeholders, support our culture of “Open-mindedness”, and  sustain the basis for continued “Challenge and Innovation”. The  Mitsui & Co. Group will promote an environment where there is  respect for those who speak up fearlessly and without hesitation,  and where such noble action will be supported.  5 Part  Speaking Up  18 With Integrity With Integrity

18  Reporting  19  Prohibition against Detrimental  Treatment and Retaliation  •  We will not ignore concerns or problems that come to our  attention, but will always raise them with our supervisor or  the relevant division.  •  We will promptly report any actions that might go against  these conduct guidelines to the company and seek advice,  even if we are uncertain about whether or not such actions  are actually against these guidelines.  •  We will actively cooperate when we are asked to assist in an  investigation by the company.  •  We will not tolerate the detrimental treatment of, or retaliation  against, any person who has submitted a report and/or  sought advice in good faith, or cooperated in an investigation.  In the event of such reports or consultations, we will ensure that  the information is managed appropriately with thorough care.  1st.  Edition:  November 2018  2nd.  Edition:  November 2019  3rd.  Edition:  April 2021  4th.  Edition:  May 2024  19 With Integrity With Integrity


</Sogo Sosha_Japan_Mitsui & Co._2024.pdf>