This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Tech_Korea_LG Display_2025.pdf>

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  LG Display ’ s  Code  of  Conduct  -  Creating Value for  our  Stakeholders  -

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  LG Display’s Code of Conduct  Why We Have A Code  Who the Code Applies to  What is Expected of Us  Non - Compliance  About the Code  Getting Started  Fair Dealing for Our Business Partners & the Market  The Best Organization for Our Employees  7  9  11  13  16  18  20  4  4  4  5  5  Responsibly Gathering Competition Information  Proper Use of Other’s Information  Fair Competition  Dealing with Competitors  Dealing with Channel Partners and Supplies  Careful Communication  Respect for Other’s Intellectual Property  No Bribes or Improper Payments  Fair Employment  Respectful Workplace Interactions  A Healthy and Safe Workplace  Honesty and Integrity for Our Customers  23  25  26  27  2 9  31  33  34  Responsible Marketing  Product Safety  High Product Standards  Privacy and Data Protection

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  Environmental Protection  Responsible International Trade  Caring for Our Communities  42  44  45  47  49  50  37  39  Superior Returns for Our Shareholders  Information Security and Confidentiality  Protection of Company Intellectual Property  Proper Electronic Communication  Good Record Keeping and Retention  Responsibly Handling Inside Information  Careful Public Disclosure

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  4  Getting Started  WHY  WE  HAVE  A  CODE  LG  Display  is  a  global  operating  company .  Because  of  this,  our  employees  are  exposed  to  a  wide  variety  and  a  large  number  of  laws  and  regulations .  Of  course,  it  is  difficult  for  every  employee  to  be  familiar  with  all  or  even  most  of  these  laws  and  regulations .  Further ,  we  operate  in  many  geographical  locations ,  each  with  its  own  culture .  We  seek  to  operate  consistently  and  in  compliance  with  applicable  laws  and  regulations  across  all  of  our  market  segments  and  locations  and  remain  respectful  of  local  customs .  This  Code  is  a  key  tool  that  helps  all  of  us  to  meet  these  very  significant  challenges .  WHO  THE  CODE  APPLIES  TO  The  LG  Display  Code  of  Conduct  is  intended  for  LG  Display,  ltd .  (“ the  Company ”),  and  all  overseas  subsidiaries  of  the  Company .  WHAT  IS  EXPECTED  OF  US  You  are  expected  to :  •  Demonstrate  commitment  to  the  Company’s  core  values  in  all  of  your  work  activities,  and  help  make  the  Company  a  great  place  to  work  so  that  all  of  us  can  achieve  the  best  for  our  employees,  customers  and  stakeholders .  •  Follow  the  laws  and  regulations  in  the  countries  where  you  work .  •  Adhere  to  Company  polices  and  procedures  that  relate  to  your  work .  •  Seek  guidance  from  your  manager  or  relevant  department  when  unsure  of  the  proper  action  in  any  situation .  •  You  must  raise  concern  and  report  about  suspected  violations  of  this  Code  or  other  Company  policies .  If  you  manage  other  employees,  you  are  expected  to :  •  Ensure  that  employees  are  aware  of  this  Code  and  their  responsibilities  under  this  Code .  •  Assist  employees  with  any  questions  or  concerns  regarding  the  Code  or  its  application  in  daily  work .  •  Personally  demonstrate  compliance  leadership  by  following  the  Code  and  talking  with  employees  about  the  Code’s  application  in  your  own  daily  work .  If  you  have  a  question  about  the  Code  or  how  it  applies  to  your  job :  •  Consult  your  manager,  who  is  in  the  best  position  to  help  you  with  a  question  regarding  your  job .  If  your  manager  is  not  available,  contact  the  responsible  functional  department  listed  in  each  section  of  this  Code,  or  your  legal  staff .  •  If  you  manage  other  employees  and  are  unsure  how  to  answer  a  question  your  employee  has  raised,  you  also  should  contact  the  responsible  functional  department  listed  in  each  section  of  this  Code,  or  your  legal  staff .  Address  cultural  differences  When  you  visit  or  move  to  another  country,  learn  about  your  new  environment .  Seek  to  understand  the  local  culture  and  customs .  Be  aware  that  laws  and  regulations  may  differ  from  those  of  your  home  country .  If  you  notice  conflicts  that  likely  will  affect  your  business  activities,  discuss  these  matters  with  your  manager  to  determine  an  appropriate  resolution .  Getting Started

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  5  NON  -  COMPLIANCE  There  are  serious  consequences  for  non -  compliance  Violations  of  laws  and  regulations  have  serious  sanctions,  both  for  the  Company  and  for  the  individuals  involved .  Non - compliance  can  lead  to  criminal  penalties ,  administrative  fines,  civil  and  punitive  damages,  seizure  of  profits,  exclusion  from  contracts,  termination  of  business  relationships,  attempted  extortion ,  harm  to  our  image  and  negative  perceptions  by  the  capital  market .  In  addition,  individuals  also  may  face  serious  consequences  such  as  fines  or  imprisonment ,  claims  for  damages  and  sanctions .  If  you  believe  that  the  Company  is  at  risk  to  not  meeting  the  Code’s  standards :  •  First ,  talk  to  your  manager  about  this  issue .  •  Then  contact  the  designated  compliance  manager  or  legal  team  for  your  area  and  inform  this  person  of  the  situation .  Report  potential  retaliation  The  Company  does  not  tolerate  and  will  address  retaliation  against  anyone  who,  in  true  sincerity,  reports  a  noncompliance  issue .  Retaliation  can  take  many  forms,  from  unfair  impact  on  one’s  employment  to  general  harassment .  If  you  believe  that  you  or  someone  else  has  been  retaliated  against  for  these  actions,  immediately  report  the  matter  to  the  Human  Resources  Department .  There  is  no  good  excuse  for  a  compliance  violation  The  following  excuses  will  not  be  tolerated :  •  “ My  boss  told  me  to  do  it  even  though  I  knew  it  was  wrong . ”  •  “ I  did  it  for  the  good  of  our  customers . ”  •  “ I  did  it  to  meet  Company  objectives  or  goals . ”  ABOUT  THE  CODE  This  Code  does  not  include  all  Company  standards  and  policies .  It  cannot  address  every  issue  that  you  will  likely  encounter .  Periodically ,  the  Company  will  revise  this  Code  and  other  standards  and  policies  and  communicate  them  to  employees  and  other  applicable  parties .  This  Code  of  Conduct  does  not  constitute  an  employment  contract .  LG  Display  does  not  create  any  contractual  rights  or  obligations  by  issuing  this  Code .  Getting Started

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  “ Customer  first ”  is  at  the  heart  of  everything  we  do .  We  strive  to  create  real  value  to  our  customers  by  always  considering  our  customers ’  perspectives  and  realizing  our  customers ’  high  expectations  in  all  our  business  activities .  Demonstrating  our  standards  of  quality,  keeping  our  promises  and  continuously  innovating  better  products  are  all  ways  we  instill  confidence  with  our  customers  that  they  can  rely  on  our  products  and  services .  We  must  continue  to  show  unfaltering  integrity  and  honesty  in  all  our  actions  and  build  a  relationship  of  trust  that  our  customers  can  truly  depend  on .  Honesty and Integrity for Our Customers  7  9  11  13  Responsible Marketing  Product Safety  High Product Standards  Privacy and Data Protection

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  7  SCENARIO  A  new  product  is  attracting  attention  for  its  quality  design .  It  could  be  a  hit  if  the  Company  can  highlight  another  key  factor .  While  the  product  delivers  just  over  a  5 %  increase  in  performance ,  no  other  special  differentiation  seems  to  exist .  Our  competitors  regularly  “ mark - up ”  advertised  performance  by  a  small  amount .  You  figure  that  the  Company  can  compete  better  if,  for  instance ,  we  advertise  that  the  product  has  a  10 %  performance  increase .  You  do  not  expect  anyone  to  be  able  to  measure  or  feel  the  difference,  anyway .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value?  Responsible Marketing  Our  Company  wins  and  maintains  long - term  customer  relationships  based  on  the  quality  and  value  of  its  products  and  services .  So,  it  is  critical  that  we  market  them  responsibly  and  sell  on  their  legitimate  features  and  benefits .  Our  customers  trust  our  word  because  we  demonstrate  integrity  and  honesty  in  our  marketing  activities .  We  create  value  for  our  customers  because  we  provide  the  information  they  need  to  make  the  best  purchasing  decisions .  It  is  never  worth  the  risk  to  our  well - won  reputation  to  engage  in  any  irresponsible  marketing  practices .  OUR  STANDARD  Help  ensure  that  Company  marketing  activities  are  responsible,  especially  if  you  work  directly  with  developing  or  reviewing  marketing  communications .  YOU  NEED  TO  KNOW  Marketing  communications  include,  among  other  things :  •  Advertisements  and  promotional  items  •  Product  labeling  and  descriptions  •  Survey  materials,  test  results  or  competitor  or  product  comparisons  •  Intranet  message  board  advertisements  and  other  communications  that  may  not  be  necessarily  directed  towards  our  customers  Employees  who  work  with  marketing  communications,  in  a  sales  role  or  whose  jobs  involve  development  or  review  of  advertising,  product  labeling  or  promotion  or  any  other  communications  to  our  customers  are  expected  to  know  and  understand  applicable  Company  standards,  policies  and  procedures .  Our  marketing  communications  have  a  wide  audience  and  will  be  scrutinized  by  consumers ,  competitors  and  government  agencies .  It  is  never  worth  risking  our  reputation  by  engaging  in  improper  marketing  activities .  Honesty  and  Integrity  for  Our  Customers  RESPONSE  Just  because  competitors  are  doing  something  does  not  mean  it  is  right  for  us .  More  important,  we  have  to  ask  whether  our  actions  demonstrate  our  core  values  of  creating  real  value  for  our  customers  and  respect  for  them .  Even  though  the  exaggeration  might  not  be  noticeable,  still  it  is  an  attempt  to  sell  our  products  based  on  false  information .  Our  customers  expect  us  to  be  honest  about  the  value  we  deliver  to  them,  regardless  of  what  they  might  expect  from  our  competitors .  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Ensure  that  any  changes  in  Company  products  or  services  are  promptly  and  accurately  communicated  to  relevant  departments .  •  Ensure  that  marketing  communications,  product  label  information,  packaging  and  promotional  materials  are  accurate  when  stating  manufacture  or  source  data,  such  as  country  of  origin  or  assembly .  This  is  to  ensure  that  our  products  are  both  correctly  advertised  and  labeled .  •  Verify  that  marketing  materials  developed  by  advertising  firms  or  other  outside  organizations  comply  with  Laws  and  Company  policies .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  8  •  Do  not  allow  any  Company  marketing  materials  to  contain  information  that  is  deceptive ,  misleading  or  that  omits  important  information  that  could  otherwise  help  customers  make  good  purchasing  decisions .  •  Avoid  comparisons  with  competitors  or  their  products :  -  That  cannot  be  substantiated  by  objective,  factual  data .  -  Where  the  comparison  is  presented  based  on  conditions  that  are  unfair  to  the  competitor  or  the  product .  •  Do  not  allow  marketing  to  be  publicly  distributed  that  makes  claims  ( such  as  regarding  product  performance,  product  superiority  or  market  share)  not  yet  supported  by  testing  or  other  reliable  data .  •  Never  use  as  an  excuse  for  improper  marketing  that  an  outside  organization  developed  the  materials .  BE  AWARE  •  Use  caution  with  exaggerations  used  in  marketing .  An  embellishment  may  be  appropriate  as  a  marketing  device,  but  it  never  should  give  our  customers  a  false  impression  about  our  products’  characteristics  or  conflict  with  factual  data .  •  Market  a  Company  product  more  on  its  strengths  than  on  a  competing  product’s  weakness .  We  want  to  lead  the  market  by  designing ,  manufacturing  and  marketing  the  best  products,  and  this  idea  should  be  our  focus .  We  should  expect  our  competitors  to  closely  scrutinize  any  advertisements  that  mention  their  products .  We  must  make  sure  we  comply  with  laws  and  regulations  related  to  fair  competition  when  mentioning  competitors  or  their  products .  Honesty  and  Integrity  for  Our  Customers

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  9  YOU  NEED  TO  KNOW  Product  safety  is  a  critical  concern  for  us .  We  risk  significant  penalties  for  failing  to  take  proper  safeguards  or  responses  to  safety  problems,  including  regulatory  sanctions ,  lawsuits  and  damage  to  the  Company’s  reputation .  We  understand  that  creating  customer  value  is  not  just  about  avoiding  the  repercussions  of  liability .  It  represents  our  commitment  to  actively  identify  opportunities  to  eliminate  safety  issues  and  thus  enhance  the  overall  quality  of  our  products .  This  is  why  the  Company  maintains  numerous  processes  that  support  product  safety .  End - to - end  processes  focus  on  product  safety,  including  design  (to  address  foreseeable  consumer  use),  procurement,  manufacturing,  product  testing,  quality  control  and  marketing .  After  the  sale,  the  Company  continues  to  monitor  product  use  for  any  signs  of  safety  problems  and  takes  necessary  measures  to  ensure  customer  safety .  Product Safety  Safety  and  reliability  are  the  most  basic  qualities  of  customer  value  we  deliver  through  our  products .  Our  dedication  to  safe  design ,  quality  manufacture  and  after  sales  service  offers  us  an  opportunity  to  distinguish  ourselves  and  demonstrates  our  concern  for  our  customers ’  welfare .  An  important  part  of  innovation  involves  greater  product  safety .  Through  our  commitment  to  customer  safety,  we  build  trust  in  our  products  and  show  that  we  truly  value  our  customers .  OUR  STANDARD  Support  all  efforts  to  ensure  that  our  Company ’ s  products  are  safe .  Raise  any  questions  or  concerns  with  raw  materials,  product  design,  manufacturing ,  marketing,  product  use  or  customer  service  to  ensure  that  products  are  safe  for  our  customers .  No  business  objective,  including  design,  marketability  or  cost  justifies  compromising  the  safety  of  a  Company  product .  Honesty  and  Integrity  for  Our  Customers  SCENARIO  Although  our  new  product  is  compliant  with  mandatory  safety  regulations,  you  have  lingering  doubts  about  whether  the  product  is  absolutely  safe .  A  complete  product  design  overhaul  seems  very  costly  at  this  point,  so  you  consider  addressing  these  “lingering  doubts”  on  the  warning  label .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  RESPONSE  Warning  labels  that  clearly  identify  all  reasonably  foreseeable  hazards  are  an  important  and  necessary  part  of  ensuring  our  products  are  safe  for  our  customers .  But  we  first  and  foremost  have  a  duty  to  design  and  manufacture  our  products  well  enough  that  they  meet  our  Company’s  standards  and  our  customers’  expectations  for  safety .  Of  course,  any  changes  late  in  the  development  stage  have  significant  ramifications .  So,  this  is  a  good  opportunity  to  get  colleagues  in  other  departments  involved  in  the  decision .  We  need  to  be  strongly  convinced  that  our  products  not  only  meet  safety  standards  but  also  that  they  do  not  pose  a  safety  risk .  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Follow  all  Company  policies  and  procedures  for  product  design,  procurement  and  manufacture  that  may  impact  product  safety .  •  Report  questionable  or  faulty  raw  materials ,  designs  or  parts  that  may  lead  to  poor  quality  or  unsafe  products .  •  Raise  any  product  safety  issue,  preferably  as  early  in  the  design  process  as  possible  and ,  in  any  case,  as  soon  as  you  become  of  aware  of  it .  •  Never  compromise  product  safety  to  meet  another  business  objective .  If  a  conflict  arises  between  these  goals,  report  the  matter  to  your  manager .  •  Do  not  avoid  or  allow  others  to  avoid  any  quality  control  step  since  this  may  lead  to  insufficient  testing  to  ensure  product  safety .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  10  BE  AWARE  •  Watch  for  any  recurring  or  repeating  safety  incidents  that  involve  our  products .  The  safety  of  our  customers  overrides  any  other  consideration .  It  is  our  duty  to  issue  a  recall  if  we  suspect  our  products  have  any  inherent  design  issues  or  widespread  manufacturing  defects .  •  Also  be  aware  that  several  countries  have  regulations  that  obligate  manufacturers  and  distributors  to  immediately  report  to  the  governing  authority  any  safety  defects  or  deficient  warning  labels  that  they  discover .  •  A  product  that  has  met  all  mandatory  safety  regulations  and  standards  still  may  not  be  safe  for  our  customers .  Therefor  our  products  also  must  meet  our  Company ’ s  safety  standards  which  have  higher  standard .  Mandatory  safety  regulations  represent  the  minimum  level  of  product  safety .  Any  product  that  does  not  meet  these  required  safety  standards  almost  always  will  be  considered  as  unsafe .  •  Listen  carefully  to  others ’  concerns  and  consider  the  long - term  impacts .  A  colleague ’ s  question  or  concern  about  product  design,  manufacturing  or  labeling  may  have  product  safety  implications .  •  Do  not  allow  suppliers  to  avoid  compliance  with  the  Company ’ s  sourcing  requirements .  This  may  lead  to  substandard  or  defective  raw  materials  or  components  that  we  put  into  our  end  products .  •  Never  disregard  suggested  product  safety  issues  just  because  they  were  raised  at  a  later  stage  in  the  product  development  process .  Honesty  and  Integrity  for  Our  Customers  •  Even  if  your  specific  job  does  not  involve  product  testing,  quality  control  or  a  similar  activity ,  you  still  are  responsible  for  product  safety .  Raise  with  the  appropriate  product  safety  person  any  difficulties  that  you  encounter  in  using  Company  products  that  may  indicate  a  potential  safety  problem .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  11  High  Product Standards  Our  products ’  reliability,  durability  and  safety  are  at  the  heart  of  our  business .  We  enrich  our  customers ’  lives  through  quality  products  that  stand  up  under  rigorous  consumer  use .  The  excellence  of  our  design  and  manufacture  that  our  customers  experience  every  day  demonstrates  our  commitment  to  delivering  enduring  customer  value .  To  meet  this  objective,  we  set  standards  and  follow  numerous  regulations  designed  to  protect  the  consumer .  This  challenges  us  to  design,  produce  and  market  products  that  meet  the  high  quality  and  safety  levels  that  we  embrace .  OUR  STANDARD  Ensure  that  all  products  comply  with  regulatory  requirements  and  internal  Company  standards  for  reliability ,  durability  and  safety .  Raise  any  concerns,  no  matter  how  small,  so  that  the  Company  can  stand  by  its  commitment  of  producing  the  industry ’ s  finest,  most  compliant  products .  •  Design  considerations  for  minors,  the  elderly  and  the  disabled  •  Other  requirements  to  ensure  quality  and  compatibility  with  other  products  or  services  Our  products  affect  many  customers  around  the  world .  Because  of  this,  noncompliance  with  product  standards  regulations  has  severe  consequences,  such  as  consumer  lawsuits,  brand  damage,  Company  reputational  damage,  civil  penalties,  costly  recalls,  class  action  litigation,  to  name  a  few .  Our  high  standards  are  recognized  not  only  in  our  products  themselves,  but  also  through  the  conduct  in  which  we  seek  such  recognition .  This  means  practicing  the  utmost  integrity  and  professionalism  when  seeking  validation  and  certification  of  our  products ’  quality .  Employees  who  are  responsible  for  Quality  &  Standards  Assurance  are  expected  to  be  familiar  with  our  Standards  Operation  Principles ,  and  demonstrate  these  principles  when  testing  our  products ’  quality  and  verifying  product  compliance .  Also,  make  certain  to  involve  local  experts  to  help  ensure  that  the  Company  understands  and  follows  local  regulatory  requirements .  Honesty  and  Integrity  for  Our  Customers  SCENARIO  You  just  developed  innovative  new  functionality  which  likely  will  make  its  product  very  popular  in  a  dull  and  complacent  market .  Because  this  functionality  is  new,  regulations  are  not  clear  about  whether  it  should  be  included  in  the  product’s  testing  conditions .  Since  this  new  functionality  consumes  a  lot  of  power,  you  realize  that  testing  results  likely  will  be  better  with  the  functionality  turned  off .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  YOU  NEED  TO  KNOW  Product  specifications  address  such  issues  as :  •  Overall  product  safety  and  internal  standards  for  reliability  and  stability  •  Electromagnetic  compatibility  •  Environmental  requirements,  such  as  hazardous  materials  content,  recycling  labeling  and  energy  saving  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  If  your  job  involves  product  testing  and  quality ,  ensure  that  all  evaluated  products  meet  both  specified  quality/testing  measures  and  overall  quality/testing  objectives  for  reliability,  quality ,  durability  and  safety .  •  Ensure  that  products,  product  parts  or  components  manufactured  by  our  suppliers  meet  designated  specifications .  •  Monitor  new  product  regulations  in  your  area  and  promptly  communicate  them  to  product  development  or  product  standards  personnel .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  12  •  Ask  your  manager  or  contact  the  regulatory  authority  if  you  are  not  sure  what  standard  or  product  testing  should  be  applied .  •  Do  not  substitute  for  already  tested  and  specified  materials  or  components  without  following  Company  procedure  for  doing  so .  •  Never  allow  false  or  insufficient  product  testing  to  take  place .  This  would  include :  -  Falsifying  or  selectively  including  only  advantageous  test  data .  -  Conducting  tests  under  incomplete  testing  conditions .  -  Circumventing  proper  test  protocols .  Responsible  product  refurbishment  In  the  course  of  serving  our  customers,  we  refurbish  a  great  volume  of  return  products  and  service  products  on  a  daily  basis .  Because  these  refurbished  products  look  and  work  perfectly,  it  may  seem  that  there  is  no  reason  not  to  repackage  and  resell  these  as  new  products .  However,  you  should  know  that :  •  Even  though  our  refurbished  products  are  functionally  identical  to  new  products,  in  legal  terms  they  are  still  considered  to  be  a  “used”  products  and  thus  cannot  be  sold  under  the  premise  that  they  are  new  products .  Make  sure  customers  buying  our  refurbished  products  clearly  understand  that  they  are  buying  “refurbished ”  products .  •  Most  customers  expect  their  service  products  to  be  repaired  with  new  parts .  If  this  is  not  the  case,  then  it  is  prudent  to  state  this  fact  in  the  product  warranty  as  to  prevent  any  likelihood  of  misunderstanding  from  our  customers .  Honesty  and  Integrity  for  Our  Customers  BE  AWARE  •  Watch  for  changing  regulatory  rules  regarding  product  standards .  Always  seek  to  understand  these  important  requirements .  Question  Company  operations  until  you  are  sure  that  the  Company  produces  fully  compliant  products .  •  Stay  alert  for  complaints  from  consumer  groups ,  regulatory  authorities  or  competitors  regarding  product  standards  compliance  or  labeling  errors .  •  Be  alert  for  changes  with  a  supplier  regarding  its  design,  contracting  or  manufacturing  processes .  These  changes  may  adversely  impact  the  materials  that  they  send  to  us,  causing  problems  in  our  own  processes .  •  Carefully  consider  any  major  deviation  from  the  basic  model  when  designing  variation  models  of  our  products .  Always  make  sure  that  these  changes  are  properly  communicated .  Check  whether  these  changes  necessitate  separate  compliance  review  for  the  variation  model .  RESPONSE  As  a  Company  that  focuses  on  innovative  design  and  features  to  drive  customer  value,  our  products  sometimes  involve  situations  where  the  law  is  unclear .  Our  focus  always  should  be  on  delivering  the  quality  our  customers  would  expect  from  our  products  regardless  of  what  the  ‘letter  of  the  law’  states .  This  means  we  should  have  the  professionalism  to  seek  clarity  from  regulatory  authorities,  even  if  the  answer  is  disadvantageous  to  the  Company .  Since  we  expect  our  customers  to  use  this  new  functionality  in  the  product’s  everyday  use,  it  is  good  practice  to  ask  the  regulatory  agency  whether  the  testing  parameters  also  should  be  interpreted  to  include  this  new  functionality .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  13  Privacy and  Data Protection  As  our  global  business  operations  expand,  we  depend  more  on  our  customers ’  personal  information  in  our  many  business  activities .  While  technology  has  increased  access  to  and  speed  of  exchanging  an  individual ’ s  personal  information,  this  also  has  increased  risk  of  misuse .  Our  customers  rely  on  us  to  protect  personal  information  they  share  with  the  Company  from  unintended  use  and  disclosure .  By  demonstrating  integrity  and  validating  our  customers ’  trust,  we  further  encourage  sharing  of  personal  information  to  help  create  better  value  for  our  customers .  OUR  STANDARD  Learn  and  follow  laws  and  Company  policy  that  relate  to  responsible  collection,  handling  and  sharing  of  our  customers’  personal  information .  YOU  NEED  TO  KNOW  Personal  Data  is  defined  as  symbols,  text,  images ,  audio/video  and  other  data  that  can  used ,  either  by  itself  or  in  tandem  with  other  information,  to  identify  any  living  person .  This  means  that  personal  data  includes ,  at  a  minimum,  the  following :  •  Personal  identification  number  such  as  social  security  numbers  and  driver’s  license  numbers .  •  Various  non - unique  information  such  as  age ,  marital  status,  religion,  profession  and  even  interests  or  hobbies .  We  treat  personal  data  as  Company  confidential  information  to  protect  it  from  unauthorized  disclosure .  See  also  “Information  Security  and  Confidentiality”  on  page  42 .  Employees  who  work  with  customer  service,  information  technology,  sales,  distribution ,  logistics  or  other  departments  that  frequently  have  access  to  customer  personal  information  have  special  responsibilities  under  the  Company’s  Corporate  Personal  Information  Protection  Rules  or  the  Applicable  laws  and  regulations  to  ensure  that  this  information  is  handled  responsibly .  Honesty  and  Integrity  for  Our  Customers  SCENARIO  You  work  in  customer  relations  and  one  of  your  responsibilities  involves  analyzing  data  collected  from  our  call  centers  to  help  make  better  quality  products .  An  overseas  marketing  department  needs  raw  customer  data  from  your  area  to  develop  marketing  strategy  for  a  new  product  launch .  You  know  that  our  call  centers  get  consent  from  callers  before  asking  questions :  you  wonder  if  it  is  all  right  to  give  this  data  to  the  marketing  department .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  RESPONSE  Developing  effective  marketing  strategies  is  an  important  priority .  However,  responsibly  handling  personal  information  and  following  relevant  laws  are  more  important .  Consent  to  use  personal  data  generally  is  limited  to  a  specific  purpose .  We  need  to  respect  these  limitations  before  we  share  personal  data .  This  demonstrates  integrity  in  how  we  deal  with  our  customers .  The  Company  also  may  have  certain  legal  responsibilities  regarding  sending  personal  data  across  country  borders,  especially  data  originating  in  the  European  Union .  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Only  access,  use  and  maintain  personal  information  provided  to  the  Company  for  a  legitimate  business  purpose .  Follow  restrictions  regarding  how  the  Company  is  permitted  to  use  this  information .  •  Follow  Company  procedures  for  sharing  personal  information  with  outside  parties  or  across  borders  ( Especially  regarding  the  E . U . ) .  Make  sure  this  is  done  only  when  necessary  and  that  the  data  provider  specifically  consents  to  this  transfer  beforehand .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  14  •  Safeguard  personal  information  that  you  acquire  or  access  as  you  would  safeguard  Company  confidential  information .  For  instance,  do  not  leave  files  or  records  with  this  information  unsecured ,  and  do  not  provide  it  to  colleagues  without  a  legitimate  business  need  for  it .  •  Respect  the  data  provider’s  rights  to  his  or  her  personal  information .  Thi  includes  the  right  to  view,  modify,  destroy  and  revoke  consent  to  using  any  personal  information  the  Company  has  been  entrusted  with .  •  Report  instances  where  personal  information  has  been  improperly  disclosed ,  lost  or  modified .  •  Do  not  share,  disclose,  modify  or  damage  personal  information  without  the  provider’s  consent,  as  required .  •  Never  transfer  personal  information  outside  of  the  country  where  it  was  collected  unless  you  are  sure  that  local  country  law  allows  it .  •  Do  not  accept  personal  information  from  our  business  partners  without  making  sure  that  its  collection,  usage  and  transfer  of  personal  information  is  in  compliance  with  applicable  law .  •  Do  not  leave  unnecessary  or  non - work -  related  personal  information  on  your  computer .  If  the  information  is  work -  related ,  immediately  erase  this  information  as  soon  as  the  work  is  completed .  •  Look  out  for :  -  Customers ’  names  and  contact  information  included  in  everyday  business  exchanges  with  our  channel  partners  and  vendors .  -  Research  questionnaires,  customer  claim  logs  and  other  data  used  for  marketing  insight  and  quality  assurance .  -  Personal  information  or  data  in  products  that  customers  return  to  the  Company ,  such  as  cellular  telephones  or  computers .  -  Special  categories  of  personal  information  (information  such  as  revealing  racial  or  ethnic  origin,  political  opinions,  religious  or  philosophical  beliefs,  or  trade  union,  membership,  personal  sex  life  or  sexual  orientation  which  have  high  risk  of  evading  data  provider’s  privacy)  Honesty  and  Integrity  for  Our  Customers  BE  AWARE  •  Not  all  personal  information  is  obtained  through  obvious  channels  like  Company  websites .  Even  ordinary  business  documents  and  material  that  we  handle  every  day  without  another  thought  may  include  personal  information .  It  is  good  practice  to  erase  or  make  anonymous  any  personal  information  when  sharing  these  documents  inside  or  outside  the  Company .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  We  firmly  believe  that  people  are  our  most  important  asset  and  that  respect  for  individual  creativity  and  initiative  is  the  cornerstone  of  value  creation .  Respect - based  management  embodies  these  beliefs  and  ensures  a  positive  workplace  where  innovation  can  thrive .  We  best  serve  our  customers  and  our  many  other  stakeholders  when  we  show  respect  to  our  fellow  employees  and  support  a  safe,  fair  and  diverse  workplace .  The Best Organization for Our Employees  16  18  20  Fair Employment  Respectful Workplace Interactions  A Healthy and Safe Workplace

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  16  We  believe  that  respect - based  management  extends  equally  to  all  with  whom  we  work .  When  we  make  fair  and  equitable  employment  decisions  and  ensure  equal  opportunity ,  we  can  more  easily  attract,  retain  and  develop  individuals ,  as  well  as  foster  diverse  ideas  and  abilities .  This  practice  helps  us  to  create  an  enjoyable,  respectful  workplace  and  encourages  the  innovation  and  creativity  that  serves  our  customers  and  other  stakeholders .  Fair Employment  OUR  STANDARD  Consider  only  legitimate  business  issues  and  individuals ’  capabilities  and  performance  when  making  employment - related  decisions .  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Make  all  employment  decisions  regarding  recruitment ,  hiring,  compensation,  benefits ,  education,  promotion,  assignment  or  reassignment  and  social  and  recreational  programs  based  on  the  Company ’ s  needs  and  an  individual ’ s  qualifications .  •  If  you  make  employment  decisions,  ensure  that  you  clearly  understand  a  job ’ s  documented  requirements  to  help  avoid  decisions  based  on  irrelevant  or  improper  considerations .  The Best Organization  for  Our  Employees  SCENARIO  Two  of  your  subordinate  employees,  a  man  and  a  woman,  are  eligible  for  promotion  to  a  management  position .  Both  have  the  same  seniority  and  similar  experience  and  education .  The  female  employee  has  the  better  performance  record .  Your  department  is  made  up  of  mainly  male  employees  and  has  never  had  a  women  in  a  management  position .  You  wonder  whether  a  she  can  handle  this  responsibility  in  a  department  that  is  not  used  to  a  woman  manager .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  RESPONSE  You  are  right  to  be  concerned  about  your  department ’ s  future  success .  Likewise,  you  should  be  concerned  about  your  subordinates ’  success  and  their  contribution  to  the  Company .  Respect - based  management  compels  us  to  treat  individuals  based  on  their  qualifications  and  talents  and  to  disregard  non  work  related  issues .  Further,  our  commitment  to  serve  our  customers  should  lead  us  to  select  the  individual  who  can  help  us  achieve  this  goal .  Select  the  best  person  for  the  job,  and  then  help  that  individual  effectively  succeed  in  his  or  her  new  role .  •  If  you  interview  prospective  employees,  know  what  questions  are  improper  or  potentially  illegal  to  ask  because  they  may  suggest  employment  discrimination .  For  instance ,  in  many  countries  you  should  not  ask  about  a  candidate’s  religious  beliefs  or  if  a  candidate  is  married  or  has  children .  If  unsure,  consult  with  your  human  resources  representative  or  legal  staff  for  assistance .  •  Never  discriminate  against  another  individual  based  on  improper  considerations  that  do  not  relate  to  the  job .  Improper  considerations  can  include  the  following :  -  Age,  Race,  Color,  Gender,  Religion,  Nationality  or  national  origin,  Sexual  orientation,  Disability,  Other  non - job -  related  characteristics  BE  AWARE  •  Be  cautious  if  someone  suggests  that  only  a  person  of  a  specific  gender,  age  or  background  is  qualified  to  perform  a  certain  job .  In  some  cases,  a  position  may  have  certain  requirements,  such  as  the  ability  to  lift  heavy  materials .  Such  a  requirement  should  be  part  of  the  formal  job  description  and  make  sense  given  the  position ’ s  activities .  But  a  job  description  should  not  discriminate  against  one  of  the  improper  considerations  listed  under  “ The  Right  Way ” .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  17  •  Be  suspicious  of  recommendations  to  hire  by  a  contractor  or  other  outside  party  based  on  improper  considerations .  The  Company ’ s  commitment  to  equal  opportunity  applies  to  all  people  who  serve  the  Company .  •  Some  business  units,  departments  or  work  groups  may  have  different  policies  on  workplace  practices  such  as  sick  days  or  maternity  leave .  These  variations  may  be  due  to  local  laws  and  practices .  In  all  cases,  these  policies  should  be  in  writing  and  meet  local  legal  requirements .  •  Remember  that  “ diversity ”  relates  not  only  to  a  person ’ s  work  experiences  or  background  but  also  to  his  or  her  perspective  and  ideas .  Actively  encourage  diversity  in  all  forms  to  help  the  Company  foster  an  environment  of  creative  solutions  and  innovation .  The Best Organization  for  Our  Employees

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  18  We  value  a  workplace  where  all  employees  are  considerate  of  others  and  where  each  person  shows  respect  for  one  another  in  daily  interactions .  These  interactions  give  colleagues  the  comfort  to  introduce  new  ideas ,  constructively  challenge  current  thinking,  and  work  knowing  that  others  will  appreciate  their  contributions .  A  cordial  workplace  creates  opportunity  for  individuals  to  make  a  difference  –  leading  us  to  innovate  for  our  customers,  better  serve  all  of  our  stakeholders  and  find  greater  professional  and  personal  fulfillment .  OUR  STANDARD  Interact  with  colleagues  and  others  with  respect  and  consideration,  and  avoid  behaving  toward  others  in  a  way  that  may  be  viewed  as  offensive  or  hostile .  Further,  you  should  never  harass,  abuse  or  intimidate  a  colleague  or  other  employee .  Respectful Workplace  Interactions  YOU  NEED  TO  KNOW  Improper  conduct  may  involve  disparagement,  discrimination  or  outcaste  of  an  individual  due  to  his  or  her  age ,  race,  color,  gender,  religion,  nationality  or  national  origin,  sexual  orientation  disability  or  other  personal  characteristic  This  can  involve :  •  What  you  say  to  others,  such  as  in  comments  or  jokes,  or  even  the  way  you  say  it .  •  Physical  or  visual  contact  or  gestures .  •  Use  of  technology,  such  as  by  sending  inappropriate  telephone  or  text  messages  or  emails  or  accessing  inappropriate  websites .  The Best Organization  for  Our  Employees  Improper  conduct  also  includes  sexual  harassment ,  or  unwelcome  sexually - oriented  actions ,  comments  or  suggestions .  These  actions  may  tie  to  an  employment  condition  (for  example,  compensation,  promotion,  job  assignment)  or  to  a  person ’ s  willingness  or  unwillingness  to  participate  in  a  sexual  situation  or  relationship .  It  also  may  include  conduct  that  creates  an  uncomfortable  work  environment  for  others .  If  you  observe  or  experience  any  form  of  harassment,  you  must  report  it  to  your  manager  or  your  Human  Resources  representative  as  soon  as  possible .  The  Company  will  investigate  promptly  all  reports  and  take  appropriate  corrective  action .  The  Company  strictly  prohibits  any  form  of  retaliation  against  anyone  for  making  a  sincere  report  of  suspected  misconduct .  SCENARIO  You  have  been  assigned  as  the  new  manager  of  a  small  workgroup .  While  you  are  getting  to  know  your  new  subordinates,  you  notice  some  people  who  casually  make  jokes  and  other  comments  that  are  clearly  not  appropriate  in  the  workplace .  However,  none  of  your  new  subordinates  seem  to  think  this  behavior  is  a  problem .  Some  even  say  that  this  is  how  they  bond  together  as  a  team .  You  are  hesitant  to  change  a  team  culture  that  seems  to  work  well .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  RESPONSE  As  a  manager,  you  have  a  unique  responsibility  to  foster  a  respectful  workplace .  This  not  only  means  handling  individual  misconduct,  but  also  includes  building  an  atmosphere  where  inappropriate  conduct  is  not  tolerated  in  any  form .  It  is  important  to  recognize  that  no  one  can  ever  be  certain  whether  someone  truly  feels  harassed  or  disparaged  by  inappropriate  conduct .  This  is  why  we  must  focus  on  whether  a  certain  conduct  is  “inappropriate”,  rather  than  whether  it  is  accepted  by  others .  The  fact  that  everyone  is  used  to  inappropriate  conduct  does  not  mean  that  it  is  acceptable  in  your  group .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  19  BE  AWARE  •  Remember  that  others  can  overhear  or  otherwise  hear  about  what  you  say .  Even  in  private  conversations  with  a  friend,  avoid  making  inappropriate  comments  that  may  be  considered  offensive .  •  Understand  that  your  managerial  position  or  seniority  may  affect  others’  acceptance  of  your  conduct .  Always  be  cautious  in  what  you  say  and  do  to  people  of  more  junior  status .  The Best Organization  for  Our  Employees  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Demonstrate  respect  and  consideration  in  how  you  interact  with  colleagues  and  others .  •  Be  sensitive  to  how  others  may  perceive  what  you  say  or  do .  •  Report  possible  harassment  or  other  improper  behavior  that  you  witness  to  your  manager  or  the  appropriate  Human  Resources  representative .  •  If  you  manage  others,  be  especially  cautious  of  improper  behaviors  of  yourself  and  employees  under  your  charge .  •  Do  not  behave  in  a  way  that  others  may  consider  offensive,  harassing,  intimidating ,  abusive  or  hostile,  including :  -  Communicating  with  others,  telling  jokes  or  using  terms  that  are  disparaging .  -  Making  physical  or  visual  gestures  that  disparage  others .  •  Do  not  use  telephones,  email,  computers,  Internet  access  or  other  technology  to  display  or  communicate  inappropriate  content .  •  Do  not  act  in  a  way  that  may  create  a  hostile  work  environment  or  that  makes  another  person  believe  that  he  or  she  must  submit  to  sexual  conduct  for  employment  considerations .  •  Each  region  and  country  has  its  own  customs  and  forms  or  proper  conduct .  If  you  travel  or  work  in  locations  outside  of  your  home  country,  seek  to  understand  and  be  sensitive  to  these  differences .  Be  aware  that  what  is  appropriate  in  your  home  country  may  not  be  proper  elsewhere .  •  Especially  be  aware  of  the  appropriateness  of  your  actions  with  others  at  Company  functions,  where  your  actions  represent  the  face  of  the  Company .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  20  A Healthy and  Safe  Workplace  Great  workplace  opportunities  occur  when  we  make  health  and  safety  a  priority .  Our  commitment  to  respect - based  management  means  embracing  ownership  of  our  workplace  by  showing  regard  for  the  welfare  of  others  who  share  our  workplace  and  for  ourselves .  Because  our  colleagues’  welfare  is  at  stake,  we  do  not  stop  at  compliance  with  laws ;  our  responsibility  and  goal  always  are  for  rigorous  health  and  safety .  By  standing  behind  our  commitments,  we  can  prevent  all  accidents  and  injuries .  Health  and  safety  are  high  priorities,  and  we  should  never  compromise  them  for  any  other  Company  objective .  OUR  STANDARD  Always  act,  and  encourage  colleagues  to  act,  with  good  workplace  health  and  safety  in  mind  and  according  to  proper  health  and  safety  laws,  rules  and  principles .  YOU  NEED  TO  KNOW  The  Company  is  committed  to  continuously  improving  its  health  and  safety  performance  by  setting  policies  and  procedures  to  foster  strong  workplace  health  and  safety  that  meet  industry  standards  and  all  related  local  legal  and  regulatory  requirements .  These  efforts  address  risks  that  may  harm  employees  or  our  business  partners,  impair  property  or  damage  the  Company ’ s  reputation  as  a  responsible  Company .  We  seek  to  promote  good  practices  throughout  the  supply  chain  and  in  the  products  and  services  that  we  offer  to  our  customers .  To  achieve  these  objectives,  each  business ’ s  management  has  the  duty  to  encourage  and  sufficiently  train  employees  to  meet  the  Company ’ s  health  and  safety  standards .  The Best Organization  for  Our  Employees  SCENARIO  During  your  few  years  at  the  Company,  you  have  never  seen  anyone  become  sick  or  injured  because  of  work .  Also,  because  your  country ’ s  laws  do  not  require  stringent  safety  precautions  and  the  risk  of  regulatory  penalties  are  low,  you  wonder  about  the  possibility  of  skipping  some  of  the  rules  that  seem  excessive  considering  the  local  standards .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  RESPONSE  As  a  Company  we  take  pride  in  a  good  record  for  health  and  safety .  Problems  rarely  occur  precisely  because  we  take  precautions  and  effectively  manage  health  and  safety .  This  is  not  luck .  It  is  because  we  have  a  real  commitment  to  respect - based  management,  which  includes  concern  for  others  and  our  own  health  and  safety .  Internal  health  and  safety  rules  represent  our  commitment  to  health  and  safety  wherever  we  work .  It  is  important  that  you  adhere  to  these  rules,  no  matter  how  small  or  inconsequential  they  seem .  Remember  that  even  the  most  insignificant  rule  has  a  purpose .  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Promptly  r eport  workplace  accidents,  injuries  and  any  unsafe  situations .  •  Use  protective  equipment  as  required .  •  Must  attend  required  health  and  safety  training .  •  Accurately  record  data  and  report  on  operations  that  impact  health  and  safety .  •  Work  with  suppliers  and  other  business  partners  to  promote  health  and  safety  for  us  and  for  them  throughout  both  our  workplaces .  •  Never  compromise  workplace  health  and  safety  to  meet  other  business  objectives,  even  high - priority  objectives .  Instead,  immediately  discuss  the  conflict  with  your  manager .  •  Do  not  begin  an  activity  if  you  are  unsure  of  the  required  procedures  that  safeguard  health  and  safety .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  21  BE  AWARE  •  Workplace  accidents  often  occur  to  employees  who  have  been  with  the  Company  for  a  number  of  years,  not  just  to  new  employees .  So,  always  remain  vigilant  about  safety  to  protect  yourself  and  others .  Do  not  end  up  with  regrettable  results  due  to  a  moment’s  of  carelessness .  •  When  working  with  suppliers  or  other  business  partners,  know  the  health  and  safety  practices  you  must  follow  in  their  workplace  operations .  •  Remain  vigilant  about  your  current  condition  (such  as  lack  of  rest,  use  of  medications )  that  may  risk  your  or  others’  health  or  safety .  Accidents  happen  when  you  least  expect  and  become  too  complacent  about  safety .  Talk  to  your  manager  if  you  feel  unfit  to  work  in  your  current  condition .  The Best Organization  for  Our  Employees

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  Successfully  serving  our  customers  depends  on  our  ability  to  attract  and  build  relationships  with  our  many  customers,  suppliers,  channel  partners  and  contractors  around  the  world .  Fairness,  equal  opportunity,  and  ‘winning  by  the  rules’  are  values  that  guide  our  actions,  both  in  our  dealings  with  our  partners  and  our  business  conduct  in  the  market .  We  are  committed  to  these  values .  By  demonstrating  our  commitment  to  fairness  and  equal  opportunity,  we  build  relationships  of  mutual  respect  and  trust .  And  when  we  acknowledge  success  only  when  it  was  achieved  fairly,  we  ensure  a  business  environment  that  rewards  the  innovation  and  creativity  that  serves  our  customers .  Fair Dealing for Our Business Partners &  the  Market  23  25  26  27  29  31  33  34  Responsibly Gathering Competition Information  Proper Use of Other ’ s Information  Fair Competition  Dealing with  Competitors  Dealing with Channel Partners and Supplies  Careful Communication  Respect for Other ’ s Intellectual Property  No Bribes or Improper Payments

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  23  Responsibly Gathering  Competitive Information  Understanding  our  markets  is  vital  to  serve  our  customers .  We  assess  competitive  and  other  market  information  to  identify  our  customers ’  interests  and  needs  and  how  we  should  develop  or  enhance  our  products  and  services .  Through  these  efforts,  we  demonstrate  our  integrity  by  showing  respect  for  our  competitors ’  rights  and  the  rules  of  fair  competition  that  protect  them .  By  showing  that  we  can  win  by  the  rules,  we  uphold  our  reputation  for  excellence  and  performance .  OUR  STANDARD  Only  use  or  gather  information  about  the  competitive  environment  from  legitimate  sources  and  which  you  have  a  right  to  access .  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Rely  on  published  or  widely - available  sources  for  competitive  information .  Examples  include  research  reports,  newspapers  and  marketing  materials,  to  name  a  few .  •  Make  sure  parties  that  provide  you  with  competitive  information  understand  that  we  only  will  accept  information  that  is  obtained  legally .  •  D o  not  receive  confidential  information  of  competitors  from  current  or  potential  customers,  unless  we  are  authorized  to  receive  such  confidential  information .  •  Tell  new  employees  that  they  must  abide  by  the  terms  of  any  legitimate  confidentiality  agreements  or  similar  obligations  they  have  with  former  employers  or  other  third  parties .  •  If  you  hire  a  person  who  formerly  worked  for  a  competitor,  do  not  solicit  confidential  competitive  information  from  that  person .  Fair Dealing  for  Our  Business Partners & the Market  •  Do  not  accept  competitor  information  directly  from  a  competitor .  Not  only  would  this  be  an  illegitimate  way  to  gather  competitive  information,  information - sharing  with  a  competitor  also  could  suggest  that  an  improper  agreement  exists  between  competitors .  See  also  “ Dealing  with  Competitors ”  on  page  27 .  •  Never  lie  or  misrepresent  yourself  to  obtain  competitive  information .  •  Do  not  use  a  research  agency,  consulting  firm  or  other  third  party  to  engage  in  conduct  that  is  not  permissible  for  you  or  the  Company  to  do .  •  Do  not  ask  or  accept  from  a  business  partner  any  information  about  our  competitors  that  you  know  was  given  to  them  in  confidence .  SCENARIO  When  you  interviewed  an  employee  from  a  competing  company  for  a  potential  job,  she  showed  you  materials  involving  her  current  work .  The  materials  appeared  to  be  the  competition’s  confidential  information,  which  would  really  help  your  department  to  compete .  It  was  not  your  fault  that  she  showed  you  this  information .  So,  you  wonder  whether  you  can  ask  her  to  leave  the  materials  behind  “so  you  can  better  evaluate  her . ”  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  RESPONSE  We  compete  on  the  basis  of  our  hard  work,  innovative  ideas  and  our  ability  to  understand  our  customers’  needs,  not  based  on  information  that  we  are  not  permitted  to  obtain .  It  may  be  appropriate  to  discuss  certain  matters  with  a  new  employee,  such  as  this  person’s  work  experience  and  general  professional  knowledge .  But  you  should  never  ask  someone  to  disclose  confidential  information  belonging  to  another  company  or  break  a  duty  to  keep  certain  information  confidential .  If  you  have  been  exposed  to  a  competitor’s  confidential  information ,  contact  the  Company’s  legal  staff  to  prevent  any  suggestion  that  you  improperly  gathered  confidential  information .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  24  BE  AWARE  •  Think  before  you  ask  for  or  accept  any  information  about  a  competitor  from  an  agent,  retailer,  distributor  or  consultant  working  for  the  Company  and  who  previously  has  worked  for  a  competitor .  Seek  guidance  from  your  legal  staff .  •  Use  caution  with  an  agent,  retailer,  distributor  or  other  third  party  that  is  not  willing  to  discuss  the  ways  that  they  collect  competitive  information .  This  may  suggest  that  the  source  uses  questionable  practices .  •  If  any  information  about  a  competitor  shows  up  unexpectedly  from  an  anonymous  source,  be  cautious .  Before  reviewing  the  material,  seek  guidance  from  legal  staff .  Fair Dealing  for  Our  Business Partners & the Market

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  25  Proper Use  of Other ’ s  Information  Integrity  toward  our  business  partners  means  keeping  our  promises  and  showing  respect  for  our  partners ’  rights  and  business  interests .  Just  as  we  expect  others  to  respect  our  Company ’ s  confidential  information  rights,  we  aim  to  do  the  same  for  information  belonging  to  our  customers,  channel  partners ,  suppliers  and  other  business  partners .  OUR  STANDARD  Demonstrate  care  in  acquiring,  using  and  sharing  information  belonging  to  others,  and  follow  proper  use  guidelines  in  doing  so .  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Be  cautious  about  accepting  a  potential  competitor’s  confidential  information  because  doing  so  may  cause  a  conflict  as  to  who  first  originated  a  certain  idea .  •  When  customers  and  business  partners  provide  to  us  confidential  information  for  business  use,  ask  them  about  conditions  and  limitations  for  such  confidential  information .  •  When  sharing  others’  information,  make  sure  that  it  is  identified  as  belonging  to  the  owner .  •  Do  not  forget  to  always  have  a  confidentiality  agreement  in  place  before  accepting  confidential  information .  When  in  doubt,  check  with  your  legal  staff .  •  Do  not  use  information  identified  as  another’s  confidential  information  without  understanding  its  proper  use  guidelines  or  restrictions .  BE  AWARE  •  Know  conditions  of  use  the  Company  agrees  to  when  accepting  a  business  partner’s  confidential  information .  Make  sure  the  Company  can  meet  these  terms  and  that  the  terms  do  not  impose  unexpected  restrictions  on  our  business  activities ,  such  as  restricting  the  Company  from  pursuing  a  similar  product  or  business  concept .  •  Be  cautious  about  any  information  that  does  not  appear  to  be  publicly  available,  does  not  belong  to  the  Company  and  does  not  indicate  its  ownership .  This  may  be  a  sign  that  it  has  not  been  obtained  properly  from  another  company .  Do  not  simply  assume  that  colleagues  already  have  investigated  these  guidelines .  Fair Dealing  for  Our  Business Partners & the Market  SCENARIO  You  found  on  your  desk  a  package  of  confidential  material  belonging  to  a  business  partner .  You  realize  that  quite  often  our  partners  share  information  about  their  plans  and  products  to  promote  new  lines  of  business  between  our  companies .  The  information  will  be  very  helpful  as  you  plan  a  new  product  launch .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  RESPONSE  It  is  a  good  idea  to  check  with  legal  staff  if  you  do  not  know  the  source  of  the  information  or  do  not  have  any  indication  of  the  rights  we  have  to  use  it .  Accepting  confidential  information  may  require  that  the  Company  also  follow  certain  obligations  towards  the  partner,  and  we  may  not  be  willing  to  accept  these  terms .  While  the  information  may  have  been  properly  obtained  and  we  may  have  the  right  to  use  it,  it  shows  integrity  and  respect  for  our  business  partner  when  we  verify  the  conditions  and  rights .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  26  Fair Competition  We  recognize  the  importance  of  a  competitive  marketplace  that  encourages  companies  to  innovate  to  best  serve  our  customers’  and  society’s  interests .  Adherence  to  fair  competition  rules  that  enable  strong  and  competitive  markets  is  essential  for  maintaining  our  capability  to  innovate  and  deliver  value  to  our  customers .  When  we  follow  these  laws,  not  only  do  we  better  our  society,  we  help  our  Company  and  our  business  partners  to  deliver  better  customer  value .  We  are  committed  to  following  the  fair  competition  laws  in  all  of  the  countries  where  we  operate .  In  this  way,  our  commitment  to  fair  competition  not  only  builds  trust  among  our  business  partners  and  consumers,  it  helps  us  become  a  stronger  and  more  innovative  company,  as  well .  Understand  that  fair  competition  laws  are  quite  complex  and  vary  by  jurisdiction .  It  can  be  difficult  to  determine  what  is  or  is  not  a  violation  of  these  rules .  Some  countries  have  implemented  rules  that  extend  the  reach  of  their  laws  beyond  their  borders ,  and  many  have  increased  enforcement  actions  and  penalties .  If  your  job  involves  sales,  marketing,  R&D,  production  planning,  equipment  or  materials  sourcing  or  negotiations  with  our  channel  partners  or  suppliers,  you  especially  are  expected  to  understand  the  Company’s  Fair  Competition  policy  and  how  it  applies  to  your  work .  YOU  NEED  TO  KNOW  In  general,  fair  competition  rules  restrict  or  prohibit :  •  An  agreement  or  understanding  among  competitors ,  or  between  a  Company  and  its  customers,  channel  partners  or  suppliers ,  that  unfairly  restricts  competition .  Use  the  following  guidelines  to  avoid  problems :  1.  Exercise  independent  business  judgment  –  Make  decisions  based  on  your  objective  evaluation  of  a  situation  and  careful  consideration  of  the  available  facts  and  options .  2.  Inform  your  legal  staff  if  you  receive  suggestions  for  unlawful  conduct  from  a  competitor .  3.  Seek  assistance  when  unsure  of  the  right  action  to  take .  4.  Inform  your  legal  staff  of  any  communications  from  law  enforcement  authorities .  Do  not  submit  any  documents  or  material  without  the  legal  staff ’ s  approval .  Fair Dealing  for  Our  Business Partners & the Market  •  A  company  from  abusing  its  position  in  the  supply  chain  or  market  to  gain  an  unfair  advantage  over  other  companies,  especially  smaller  business  relations .  •  A  potential  merger,  acquisition,  joint  venture  or  other  alliance  that  may  inhibit  fair  competition  without  prior  government  or  regulatory  review  and  approval .  Individuals  who  violate  fair  competition  rules  face  heavy  criminal  penalties  including  harsh  imprisonment  terms  and  very  large  fines .  This  applies  to  all  individuals  involved  in  these  acts .  The  consequences  also  are  devastating  to  the  Company  as  they  may  result  in  huge  corporate  fines,  major  class  action  lawsuits  and  restrictions  on  how  we  conduct  business  in  the  applicable  country .  For  these  reasons ,  the  Company  is  very  cautious  about  business  activities  that  may  run  afoul  of  these  rules .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  27  Fair Competition:  Dealing with Competitors  We  want  to  be  respectful  of  our  competitors  and  avoid  situations  that  suggest  improper  interactions .  In  general,  relationships  among  competitors  can  cause  problems  with  fair  competition .  Our  first  duty  is  to  serve  our  customers .  We  serve  them  by  supporting  the  rules  that  encourage  our  continued  innovation  and  success  in  a  strong,  competitive  market .  OUR  STANDARD  Do  not  enter  into  any  contract,  agreement  or  formal ,  informal  or  implied  understanding  with  a  competitor  without  legal  staff  approval .  Seek  proper  guidance  before  encouraging  the  Company  to  follow  a  competitor ’ s  activities .  Regulators  may  misinterpret  this  as  cartel .  YOU  NEED  TO  KNOW  Improper  agreements  do  not  have  to  be  exclusively  about  consumer  price .  Agreements  can  be  about  anything  that  may  influence  price  or  customer  choice,  such  as :  •  Price  fixing  –  Agreeing  on  any  form  of  pricing  for  channel  partners  or  customers,  including ,  for  example,  use  of  pricing  formulas ,  discounts  or  rebates,  or  agreeing  on  pricing  to  pay  to  suppliers .  •  Bid  rigging  –  Agreeing  on  how  to  bid  for  customer  or  channel  partner  business,  such  as  by  agreeing  on  what  price  or  other  conditions  to  put  in  a  bid  proposal .  Typically ,  this  is  done  so  that  a  competitor  wins  one  customer  opportunity  and  another  wins  the  next  opportunity .  •  Operation ,  production  or  distribution  agreements  –  Agreeing  on  levels  or  other  limitations  of  production  or  distribution  of  products,  or  agreeing  on  other  operational  activities .  Fair Dealing  for  Our  Business Partners & the Market  •  Market ,  territory  or  customer  allocation  –  Agreeing  to  divide  markets,  territories  or  customers  so  that  competition  is  reduced  in  each  situation .  •  Group  boycotts  –  Agreeing  not  to  do  business  with  certain  individual  or  groups  of  customers,  distributors  or  suppliers,  for  instance ,  until  that  group  agrees  to  more  favorable  pricing  or  other  conditions .  Agreements  do  not  have  to  be  fulfilled  or  even  been  made  sincerely  to  be  illegal .  Even  failed  attempts  to  reach  an  agreement  that  any  party  had  no  intention  to  keep  still  can  be  viewed  as  a  conspiracy  to  violate  fair  competition  law .  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Avoid  gatherings  of  competitors  that  do  not  have  a  specific  business  purpose  or  a  set  agenda  of  legitimate  discussion  topics .  •  When  the  discussion  among  a  legitimate  gathering  of  competitors  starts  to  involve  prices  or  other  risky  subjects :  -  Explicitly  declare  that  this  discussion  is  against  Company  policy .  -  Leave  the  discussion  and  make  sure  that  your  declaration  and  departure  are  recorded .  -  Immediately  inform  your  legal  staff  of  the  situation .  •  Do  not  exchange  specific  information  with  a  competitor  without  legal  staff  approval  or  a  general  “ blanket ”  approval  for  regular  information  exchanges .  For  example,  do  not  exchange :  -  Pricing,  Product  output,  Customer  lists,  Sales  territories,  Credit  terms

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  28  BE  AWARE  •  Avoid  any  discussion,  exchange  of  information  or  other  communication  with  a  competitor .  Even  the  most  innocent  interactions  can  be  misinterpreted  and  risk  our  Company’s  reputation .  •  Certain  activities  between  competitors,  such  as  joint  ventures  or  research  programs ,  may  be  appropriate  when  the  objective  is  to  serve  a  customer  in  a  way  that  either  Company  can  not  do  alone .  But  always  seek  legal  staff  guidance  before  even  the  first  discussion  regarding  such  an  arrangement  with  a  competitor .  Fair Dealing  for  Our  Business Partners & the Market  SCENARIO  One  of  the  Company ’ s  channel  partners  is  asking  us  to  sell  at  a  very  low  price .  This  buyer  will  not  budge  and  claims  that  our  competitor  also  has  sold  at  this  price  and  even  suggested  this  price  in  the  first  place .  Unless  a  significant  and  troublesome  change  occurred  in  the  market  that  you  are  not  aware  of,  you  think  that  it  is  highly  unlikely  the  competitor  would  have  suggested  this  price .  You  consider  verifying  this  price  with  the  competitor  just  to  ensure  the  channel  partner ’ s  story .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  RESPONSE  Exchanging  pricing  information  with  a  competitor  is  never  the  right  solution ;  what’s  more,  it  is  illegal  in  many  countries .  We  should  compete  based  on  our  own  pricing  decisions  and,  more  important,  on  the  real  value  that  our  products  and  services  provide  to  our  customers .  We  do  need  to  understand  our  pricing  competitiveness  using  data  that  we  obtain  legally .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  29  Fair Dealing  for  Our  Business Partners & the Market  Fair  Competition:  Dealing  with  Channel  Partners  and Suppliers  Fair  competition  law  involves  how  we  interact  with  competitors  and  our  suppliers,  channel  partners,  contractors  and  other  business  partners .  Our  relationships  ultimately  should  focus  on  serving  our  customers  and  working  effectively  with  our  business  partners,  not  unfairly  restricting  fair  trade .  In  order  to  do  so,  we  strive  to  build  mutual  trust  and  collaboration  with  our  business  partners  by  ensuring  equal  opportunity  for  our  business  partners  and  demonstrating  fairness  and  transparency  in  all  our  business  transactions .  OUR  STANDARD  Demonstrate  fairness  and  integrity  in  all  our  business  relations  with  our  channel  partners,  suppliers  and  other  business  partners .  Use  caution  when  suggesting  retail  prices  to  our  channel  partners  or  setting  purchasing  terms  and  conditions  with  our  suppliers .  SCENARIO  Our  Company  is  a  certain  supplier ’ s  sole  customer .  During  the  relationship,  we  have  had  quite  a  few  disagreements  which  the  supplier  may  have  perceived  as  injustices .  Nonetheless,  the  relationship  is  not  working  well  for  the  Company,  and  you  want  to  discontinue  the  relationship .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  RESPONSE  The  Company  has  the  right  to  choose  its  own  business  partners .  Also,  we  want  to  make  reasonable  efforts  to  help  our  business  partners  succeed .  As  long  as  we  make  these  decisions  based  on  factual  data  and  good  judgment,  we  likely  will  not  run  afoul  of  fair  competition  rules .  Make  a  sincere  effort  to  convince  the  supplier  that  this  decision  was  made  on  a  fair  and  reasonable  basis .  Also,  ensure  that  you  can  document  your  decision  based  on  the  supplier’s  performance .  It  is  good  practice  to  review  this  situation  with  your  legal  staff  before  breaking  ties  with  the  supplier .  YOU  NEED  TO  KNOW  Improper  activities  that  concern  our  business  partners  may  include :  •  Refusals  to  deal  –  Not  doing  business  with  a  potential  or  former  partner  without  a  legitimate  reason .  Such  efforts  may  suggest  an  attempt  with  a  competitor  to  allocate  customers .  •  Unfair  exploitation  of  a  superior  dealing  position  –  Using  the  Company’s  superior  position  over  a  supplier  or  channel  partner  to  pressure  unfair  prices,  refuse  or  delay  execution  of  payment,  impose  sales  targets,  reestablish  business  terms,  interfere  in  management  or  other  unfair  activities .  •  Price  or  subsidy  discrimination  –  Setting  prices  for  certain  channel  partners  outside  of  a  regularly - applied  pricing  structure  and  without  appropriate  reason .  Providing  non - financial  support  also  may  apply  here .  •  Exclusive  dealing  with  certain  partners  or  territories  –  Setting  terms  that  unreasonably  restrict  our  partners’  freedom  of  doing  business .  This  includes  dealing  only  on  the  condition  that  our  partner  does  not  deal  with  a  competitor  and  setting  exclusive  sale  territories .  •  Resale  price  maintenance  –  Requiring  a  channel  partner  to  sell  the  Company’s  products  at  a  certain  price,  discontinuing  sales  to  that  partner  because  of  its  pricing  decision,  or  penalizing  a  channel  partner  for  not  maintaining  resale  prices  based  on  another  partner’s  complaint .  •  Tying  and  bundling  arrangements  -  Requiring  that  a  partner  sell  to  or  buy  from  the  Company  for  the  Company  to  do  the  same  with  the  partner,  either  as  a  wholesale  arrangement  or  for  specific  unrelated  products .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  30  Fair Dealing  for  Our  Business Partners & the Market  •  Predatory  pricing  –  Setting  unfairly  low  prices  to  channel  partners  or  customers ,  such  as  below  cost,  or  purchasing  at  unfairly  high  prices  from  suppliers ,  to  drive  out  competitors .  To  learn  more  about  our  principles  and  standards  when  dealing  with  our  business  partners,  consult  the  Company’s  Procurement  Policy  or  contact  External  Cooperation  Team  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Before  making  new  procurement  pricing  standards  and  other  decisions  about  how  the  Company  will  deal  with  business  partners ,  review  the  Company ’ s  Procurement  Policy  to  ensure  the  proposed  plans  will  not  result  in  unfair  deals  with  our  business  partners .  •  Review  with  legal  staff  and  Company ’ s  External  Cooperation  Team  new  marketing,  promotional  or  pricing  strategies  that  may  cause  the  Company  to  differentiate  among  business  partners .  •  Clearly  communicate  our  reasons,  standards  or  criteria  for  making  decisions  when  these  decisions  involve  significant  changes  in  pricing,  volume  or  other  terms  of  our  business  relations .  Make  sure  our  partners  understand  that  the  Company  makes  these  decisions  on  a  fair  and  objective  basis .  •  Use  fair  and  objective  criteria  when  making  decisions  that  involve  competing  business  partners  or  when  terminating  business  with  an  existing  business  relationship .  Also,  ensure  that  you  can  provide  documentary  evidence  that  can  support  that  such  a  decision  has  been  made  reasonably  and  legitimately .  •  Never  force  our  channel  partners  to  sell  at  specific  retail  prices .  Recommended  retail  prices  can  be  suggested,  but  any  threat  or  implication  to  cut  off  deals,  incentives  or  apply  penalties  can  run  afoul  of  fair  competition  laws  •  Do  not  meet  with  two  or  more  channel  partners  at  the  same  time  to  discuss  issues  that  may  infringe  on  competition,  such  as  channel  partner  selection  or  division  of  territories .  •  Do  not  enter  into  any  agreement  or  understanding  that  may  violate  the  spirit  of  fair  competition  without  reviewing  the  matter  first  with  legal  staff  and  External  Cooperation  Team .  BE  AWARE  •  Any  contracts,  agreements  or  understandings  the  Company  makes  with  its  partners  may  include  terms  that  could  cause  the  Company  to  violate  its  standards  or  other  legal  requirements  such  as  fair  trade  law .  •  Sometimes  the  Company’s  business  partners  also  may  be  its  competitors .  In  these  situations,  fair  competition  standards  become  even  more  difficult  to  apply ,  and  you  should  consult  with  legal  staff  and  External  Cooperation  Team .  •  Especially  note  instances  where  a  smaller  partner  significantly  depends  on  our  business .  In  these  cases  it  is  much  more  likely  that  actions  that  work  against  the  partner  may  be  considered  as  abuse  of  our  position  in  the  supply  chain .  •  If  you  refuse  potential  business  with  a  particular  business  partner  without  good  reason ,  fair  competition  authorities  and  the  rejected  organization  may  suspect  that  the  Company  is  conspiring  to  allocate  customers  or  is  abusively  trying  to  strengthen  its  dominant  position .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  31  Fair Dealing  for  Our  Business Partners & the Market  Fair Competition:  Careful Communication  The  Company  demonstrates  its  commitment  to  fair  competition  also  through  its  internal  and  outbound  communications .  What  we  say  and  write  sets  a  tone  for  how  we  compete  and  reflects  the  hard  efforts  we  make  to  ensure  our  actions  do  not  violate  fair  competition  rules .  We  are  committed  to  avoiding  even  the  appearance  of  a  fair  competition  violation .  Always  consider  fair  competition  in  how  you  communicate  about  Company  activities .  OUR  STANDARD  Always  use  care  in  Company  oral  and  written  communications  related  to  fair  competition  issues,  and  never  indicate  that  the  Company  is  interested  in  arrangements  that  involve  unfair  competition .  SCENARIO  After  talking  with  a  channel  partner,  you  are  convinced  that  a  competitor  is  about  to  raise  prices .  You  figure  that  this  may  be  a  good  sign  that  the  Company  also  can  raise  its  prices .  You  consider  writing  a  recommendation  to  your  manager  that  “ the  Company  should  raise  its  prices  because  you  understand  that  the  competition  is  raising  its  own  prices . ”  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  YOU  NEED  TO  KNOW  Company  communications  come  in  many  forms ,  all  of  which  can  help  to  support  or  harm  the  Company’s  reputation .  These  communications  include,  for  example :  •  Written  memos,  emails,  notes  on  paper  tablets  and  instant  messages .  •  Formal  presentations  to  partners,  customers ,  suppliers,  management  and  colleagues .  •  Statements  made  at  a  partner  meeting,  industry  gathering  or  press  interview,  and  even  casual  conversation .  RESPONSE  It  is  legal  and  proper  for  sales  staff  and  other  employees  to  ask  customers  what  prices  a  competitor  is  charging  and  to  get  market  information  from  third  party  sources,  like  a  research  agency .  What  is  improper  is  obtaining  that  information  directly  from  a  competitor .  When  communicating  about  such  sensitive  information,  you  should  be  clear  about  the  source  of  the  information  so  that  no  question  exists  regarding  how  you  obtained  it .  In  this  instance,  you  obtained  the  information  appropriately,  but  your  memo  to  your  manager  suggests  that  you  obtained  it  improperly  –  directly  from  the  competitor .  You  should  correctly  restate  the  message .  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Consider  fair  competition  standards  when  communicating  about  the  Company  and  its  activities,  either  orally  or  in  writing .  •  Assume  that  all  Company  communications  may  be  reviewed  by  legal  authorities .  •  When  writing  emails  or  preparing  documents  avoid  misleading  language  that  could  give  the  wrong  impression  about  the  Company’s  competitive  activities .  •  Avoid  comments  about  industry  trends ,  such  as  pricing,  that  could  suggest  that  the  Company  has  reached  an  understanding  with  competitors .  •  Identify  the  source  of  any  competitive  information  in  what  you  write  to  demonstrate  that  it  was  obtained  properly .  See  also  “ Responsibly  Gathering  Competitive  Information”  on  page  23 .  •  Never  disparage  competitors  or  their  products  or  services .  Any  product  or  service  comparisons  must  be  factual  and  be  supported  by  evidence  .  See  also  “Responsible  Marketing”  on  page  7 .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  32  •  Do  not  use  terms  that  may  give  the  wrong  impression  about  our  approach  to  dealing  with  competitors .  Terms  to  watch  include  the  following :  -  “Drive  out  competitors”  -  “Hurt  the  competition ”  -  “We  will  dominate  the  market”  -  “Cooperate  with  competitors”  -  “We  share  a  common  understanding  with  competitors ”  Fair Dealing  for  Our  Business Partners & the Market  BE  AWARE  •  Adhere  to  legal  orders  or  other  requirements  to  retain  Company  communications  related  to  a  lawsuit,  regulatory  request  or  other  legal  action ,  even  if  Company  retention  procedures  have  marked  the  material  for  destruction .  Improper  destruction  of  these  communications  can  cause  the  Company  real  harm .  See  also  “ Good  Record  Keeping  and  Retention ”  on  page  47 .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  33  Fair Dealing  for  Our  Business Partners & the Market  Respect for  Other ’ s  Intellectual Property  Competing  fairly  means  showing  respect  for  others ’  rights  to  their  intellectual  property .  Just  as  we  expect  others  to  respect  our  own  intellectual  property,  we  show  fairness  when  we  respect  others’  intellectual  property  and  exercise  caution  when  developing  our  own  ideas .  In  a  high  technology  company  where  good  ideas  must  develop  quickly  for  a  company  to  remain  competitive ,  how  we  show  concern  for  others ’  intellectual  property  rights  truly  demonstrates  our  commitment  to  these  principles .  OUR  STANDARD  Show  respect  for  others’  intellectual  property  rights .  Use  this  information  or  material  only  when  we  have  the  right  to  do  so ,  such  as  with  permission  from  the  owner .  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Research  whether  materials,  information,  media(such  as  pictures,  audio  and  video)  or  other  concepts  that  we  acquire  or  plan  to  use  may  be  owned  by  another  party .  If  so,  identify  requirements  for  using  this  information .  •  Make  sure  you  understand  the  conditions  and  terms  of  intellectual  property  the  Company  has  licensed  for  our  use .  •  Never  use  or  share  another ’ s  trade  secrets  that  you  or  the  Company  has  not  obtained  legally .  SCENARIO  One  of  the  Company ’ s  products  has  sold  fantastically  well  overseas  due  to  a  hit  advertisement  campaign  using  a  recognized  celebrity .  Since  the  celebrity  is  recognized  in  your  country  as  well,  you  feel  sure  that  reusing  these  advertisements  where  you  work  will  be  an  inexpensive  and  effective  way  to  boost  sales .  You  know  that  the  Company  has  licensed  the  celebrity ’ s  publicity  rights,  so  all  you  would  have  to  do  is  rework  the  advertisements  to  fit  your  country ’ s  language  and  style .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  BE  AWARE  •  Watch  out  for  whether  components  provided  by  our  suppliers  for  use  in  our  end - products  may  use  technology  that  is  another  party ’ s  intellectual  property .  •  Be  cautious  of  pictures,  audio,  video  and  other  media  on  the  Internet  that  seem  like  free - use  material  at  first  glance .  Do  not  assume  that  these  are  available  without  license  for  use .  •  Also,  be  cautious  when  using  open -  source  code .  Although  open - source  code  can  generally  be  copied  and/or  incorporated  into  our  software  products,  remember  that,  in  truth,  such  usage  is  only  allowed  subject  to  specific  licensing  conditions  (such  as  opening  our  own  source  code) .  •  Understand  that  materials  colleagues  circulate  by  email  may  be  another  party ’ s  intellectual  property  and,  therefore,  restricted  in  how  they  can  be  used  and  shared .  Generally  consider  articles,  research  reports  and  other  published  documents  as  another ’ s  intellectual  property .  See  also  “ Protection  of  Company  Intellectual  Property ”  on  page  44 .  RESPONSE  We  want  to  show  respect  for  and  honor  others’  intellectual  property  rights  –  this  includes  not  only  our  competitors,  but  our  business  partners,  as  well .  This  would  involve  researching  what  we  can  and  cannot  do  according  to  the  understanding  we  have  made  with  our  business  partners .  In  this  case,  it  is  important  to  know  that  almost  all  publicity  licenses  have  limitations  on  geographical  area .  We  build  trust  with  our  partners  by  being  diligent  and  cautious  when  using  their  intellectual  property  rights .  •  Do  not  use  a  design,  technology,  media  or  information  that  is  owned  by  another  company  or  individual  without  obtaining  permission  to  use  it .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  34  No Bribes or  Improper  Payments  Our  commitment  to  Jeong - Do  Management  and  “ Winning  by  the  Rules ”  requires  that  we  demonstrate  the  highest  standards  of  integrity  and  transparency  in  our  business  transactions  to  our  customers,  business  partners  and  our  community .  In  doing  so,  we  must  all  conduct  our  operations  in  a  fair  and  transparent  way,  and  never  use  bribes  or  other  improper  means  to  advance  our  business  objectives .  OUR  STANDARD  No  matter  where  in  the  world  we  conduct  our  business ,  do  not  offer  or  promise  bribes  or  make  solicitations  for  improper  business  advantages .  Fair Dealing  for  Our  Business Partners & the Market  •  ‘ Business  Advantages ’  include  privileges/accommodations  in  matters  of  customs ,  tax,  entry  visas,  government  approvals ,  and  also  acquisition  of  new  business  opportunities  through  government  bids  and  etc .  Bribery  is  a  serious  criminal  offence  in  every  country  we  operate,  and  penalties  can  be  severe  for  both  the  individual  and  the  Company .  Not  only  do  countries  punish  domestic  corruption,  they  also  vigorously  prosecute  bribery  occurring  overseas  through  the  application  of  extraterritorial  jurisdiction .  For  example,  countries  like  the  US  have  imposed  severe  US  anti - corruption  penalties  to  non - US  companies  based  on  a  single  wire  transfer  that  went  through  a  US  situated  bank  or  an  email  that  when  through  a  US  situated  server .  Even  if  it  is  considered  customary  to  give  bribes  in  the  country  in  which  you  operate,  you  should  never  think  it  is  allowed  or  safe  to  do  so .  Even  if  our  agent  or  an  employee  of  a  joint  venture  engages  in  bribery ,  the  Company  can  also  be  held  responsible  if  we  knew  or  should  have  known  about  it .  YOU  NEED  TO  KNOW  ‘ Bribery ’  is  the  offer,  promise  or  giving  of  money  or  any  things  of  value  to  a  government  official  with  the  intention  of  corruptly  influencing  such  official  to  obtain  or  retain  business  or  to  otherwise  secure  any  improper  business  advantage .  •  ‘ Government  Official ’  refers  not  only  to  representatives  of  a  government  agency,  but  also  include  employees  and  agents  of  state - owned  enterprises,  representatives  of  political  parties,  candidates  for  political  office  and  officers  of  public/charitable  organizations  considered  equivalent  to  government  entities  (Also,  note  that  even  when  the  recipient  is  not  a  government  official,  it  is  still  often  considered  illegal  to  give  money  or  any  thing  of  value  with  the  intent  of  corruptly  influencing  his  or  her  official  duty)  •  ‘ Things  of  Value ’  include  not  only  monetary  payments,  gifts,  meals  and  entertainment ,  but  can  also  include  reimbursement  of  expenses,  discounts  when  purchasing  our  products  or  services,  promises  of  employment  or  even  personal  favors  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  When  hiring  a  3 rd  party  agent,  consultant  or  broker  to  handle  government  issues  such  as  customs,  tax,  entry  visas  and  approvals  :  -  Check  whether  the  3 rd  party  agent  has  any  familial  or  other  prior  special  relationships  with  the  government  official  in  question  -  Review  whether  the  agent ’ s  fee  is  reasonable  and  monitor  whether  the  individual  expenses  incurred  are  necessary  to  performing  his  or  her  job  •  Also  when  dealing  with  partner  companies,  agents,  consultants  or  joint  venture  partners,  make  sure  the  following  procedures  are  followed  to  protect  the  company .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  35  -  Make  sure  that  the  other  party  signs  personal  statement  to  comply  with  anti -  bribery  clause  and  insert  anti - bribery  clause  in  the  Agreement  -  Carry  out  the  due  diligence  on  the  other  party ’ s  reputation,  relationship  with  government  officials,  and  whether  they  have  pass  history  of  breaking  anti -  bribery  law  If  any  unusual  symptoms  are  detected  during  due  diligence  or  during  the  transaction,  you  must  abandon  the  contract  or  stop  the  transaction  immediately .  •  Inexpensive  promotional  items  and  modest ,  occasional  meals  and  entertainment  can  be  provided  as  a  gesture  of  courtesy  and  partnership .  However ,  such  meals,  gifts  or  entertainment :  -  Must  be  indisputably  reasonable  such  that  it  would  not  be  considered  lavish,  nor  make  the  recipient  feel  obligated  to  repay  the  gesture  -  Must  be  provided  in  a  open  and  transparent  manner  as  to  avoid  any  likelihood  of  being  misunderstood  as  an  improper  payment  •  In  reimbursing  a  government  official ’ s  travel  or  other  expenses,  only  offer  to  pay  actually  incurred  expenses  that  were  necessary  for  the  performance  of  legitimate  government  relations  operations  such  as  product  promotion  events  etc .  -  Experts  who have been recommended  by or  have family relations with  the  official in charge ; Experts who have no  notable qualifications  other than  that  he  has  prior acquaintance  with the  specific official  in charge  -  When  the expert wishes to keep  his  service  agreement secret or when  he  refuses  to agree to anti - bribery  provisions.  -  When  the expert (or official in  question) demand  expenses to be paid  to  an unrelated  3 rd country,  3 rd party  or  in cash  or other untraceable funds  for  no particular reason  -  When  engaging in deals that  require  heavy  government involvement (such  as real  estate or security transactions),  the official  in question demands to  deal only  through the expert  •  Even  when making a  charitable  contribution to  a private organization, if  the head  of  the organization  is  considered to be (equivalent  to ) a state  official  or the  contribution is  made  by the  request of a government  official ,  this  could also be  considered as  bribery  in  certain situations  Fair Dealing  for  Our  Business Partners & the Market  SCENARIO  A  shipment  of  important  raw  materials  have  been  held  in  customs  for  several  weeks .  The  customs  authorities  have  not  given  any  explanation  for  the  delay .  And  despite  your  efforts,  you  find  it  difficult  to  contact  the  official  in  charge  to  resolve  the  problem .  Then ,  you  are  approached  by  a  “customs  broker”  who  confidently  claims  he  can  get  the  shipment  cleared  tomorrow  if  you  leave  everything  up  to  him .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  BE AWARE  •  If  you have hired a local  independent  expert to  resolve legal, tax,  customs or  government  approval issues, you  should  monitor  whether the expert  is engaging  in bribery  or other improper activities for  the  benefit  of the  Company. Be  cautious  of :  -  Unreasonably large commission fees  or expense claims; Vague or suspicious  invoices; Poorly documented expense  claims  RESPONSE  When  considering  hiring  brokers,  consultants  or  other  3 rd  parties  to  resolve  a  legal  or  administrative  issues  with  the  local  government,  you  should  be  wary  of  whether  they  may  use  bribes  or  other  improper  means .  It  is  important  to  remember  that  we  will  be  held  responsible  not  only  for  our  own  actions  but  also  the  actions  of  3 rd  parties  who  act  on  our  behalf .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  An  important  part  of  our  Company’s  success  comes  from  our  good  neighbors .  The  communities  in  which  we  live  and  work  provide  us  with  employees,  a  nurturing  environment  and  the  respect  that  are  so  central  to  our  prosperity .  In  turn,  we  will  continue  acting  as  a  good  corporate  neighbor .  We  commit  to  remain  responsive  to  our  communities’  expectations  and  actively  set  and  achieve  goals  and  standards  to  improve  the  lives  of  our  neighbors .  Caring for Our  Communities  37  39  Environmental Protection  Responsible International  Trade

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  37  Environmental Protection  The  Company  has  consistently  demonstrated  a  commitment  to  protect  the  environment .  We  appreciate  that  a  single  problem  today  can  have  a  long - term,  wide  ranging  impact  on  local  communities  tomorrow .  Our  care  for  our  communities  and  the  natural  environment  compels  us  to  think  carefully  about  environmental  protection .  The  Company  is  committed  to  act  responsibly  with  regard  to  how  our  operations  impact  the  environment,  and  to  help  ensure  that  our  supply  chain  does  the  same .  OUR  STANDARD  Conduct  all  Company  operations  in  a  way  that  demonstrates  our  commitment  to  environmental  protection ,  especially  regarding  our  suppliers’  products  and  manufacturing  operations .  •  Comply  with  local  environmental  regulations  •  Reducing  greenhouse  gas  emissions  •  Waste  management  and  recycling  •  Energy  savings  •  Avoid  using  conflict  minerals  Caring for Our Communities  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Raise  any  environmental  concerns  regarding  any  aspect  of  product  development  you  are  involved  with  to  your  manager .  •  If  you  manage  operations  that  impact  the  environment,  follow  Company  programs  and  procedures  to :  -  Set  measurable  objectives  to  reduce  operations ’  impact  on  the  environment .  -  Monitor  and  verify  progress  with  achieving  these  objectives,  such  as  by  evaluating  environmental  performance  data .  •  Monitor  changes  in  local  environmental  regulations .  Make  sure  these  changes  are  promptly  communicated  to  appropriate  ESH  staff  so  that  the  Company  has  sufficient  time  to  make  adjustments  to  our  products  and  operations .  •  When  adopting  new  operations  or  making  changes  to  Company  operations  always  consider  Company  objectives  regarding  environmental  protection .  •  Do  not  disregard  questionable  activities  by  a  supplier,  contractor  or  even  channel  partner  just  because  they  are  not  part  of  the  Company .  Notify  your  manager  or  appropriate  Company  ESH  staff  if  a  business  partner ’ s  operations  that  serve  the  Company  violate  legal  or  regulatory  environmental  requirements .  YOU  NEED  TO  KNOW  The  Company  is  strongly  committed  to  environmental  protection,  including  its  Eco -  design ,  Eco - labeling,  Green  Program  and  Life  Cycle  Assessment  initiatives .  The  Company  reports  annually  in  its  Sustainability  Report  on  the  progress  of  its  environmental  initiatives  against  its  goals .  Our  responsibility  towards  the  environment  should  be  recognized  according  to  the  Company  Global  Standards,  even  if  local  regulations  do  not  meet  our  level  of  commitment .  Environmental  regulations  are  constantly  developing  and  environmental  damage  lasts  a  very  long  time .  This  means  that  even  if  our  environmental  impact  is  legally  permitted  today,  it  eventually  will  be  judged  by  the  much  more  stringent  standards  of  tomorrow .  The  main  common  environmental  requirements  are  as  follows :  •  Efficient  use  of  resources  •  Compliance  with  environmental  regulations  in  each  country  (RoHS,  REACH)

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  38  BE  AWARE  •  All  aspects  of  the  Company ’ s  product  design ,  raw  material  sourcing,  manufacture ,  marketing,  distribution  and  disposal  impact  environmental  protection .  Even  if  your  job  does  not  directly  relate  to  one  of  these  activities,  consider  how  your  work  influences  any  of  them  and  the  Company ’ s  responsibility  to  the  environment .  •  Remain  aware  of  our  business  partners ’  environmental  compliance .  While  a  partner  may  be  certified  as  eco - friendly,  the  Company  still  should  consider  monitoring  its  business  operations  or  the  products  it  delivers  to  us  to  ensure  that  it  upholds  its  certification .  Caring for Our Communities  RESPONSE  Managing  costs  is  more  than  just  about  short - term  benefits .  Our  environmental  responsibility  extends  throughout  the  supply  chain  and  to  our  local  communities  to  ensure  that  our  business  as  a  whole  does  not  adversely  impact  them .  This  is  why  we  should  be  concerned  about  questionable  deals  or  activities  by  our  partners  that  could  damage  our  Company  and  our  stakeholders  in  the  long  run .  SCENARIO  One  of  the  Company ’ s  long - time  waste  processing  firms  has  approached  you  with  a  proposal  to  expand  your  business  arrangement .  While  the  services  are  more  comprehensive ,  the  price  they  are  requesting  seems  almost  too  good  to  be  true .  However,  you  know  this  deal  will  be  a  big  cost  saver,  and  even  if  there  is  something  questionable  going  on,  it  would  be  the  other  firm  and  not  the  Company  doing  anything  wrong .  So,  you  consider  the  deal .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  39  Caring for Our Communities  Responsible  International Trade  As  a  global  company,  our  international  trade  activities  affect  not  only  our  customers  but  also  the  communities  around  the  world  where  we  conduct  our  trade  operations .  Understanding  and  following  the  local  regulations  that  protect  each  country ’ s  security  and  international  rights  is  one  way  we  show  care  for  the  communities  that  support  our  business  wherever  we  work .  OUR  STANDARD  If  your  work  involves  moving  any  materials  or  products  among  countries,  know  the  import,  export ,  embargo  or  boycott  requirements  of  the  countries  that  you  deal  with .  Also  know  any  specific  restrictions  for  taking  sensitive  equipment  out  of  a  country  or  transmitting  sensitive  information  to  anyone  who  is  not  a  citizen  of  that  country .  YOU  NEED  TO  KNOW  Employees  who  work  closely  with  imports  or  exports  especially  need  to  know  and  understand  trade  requirements  and  other  Company  policies  and  procedures  to  ensure  compliance  with  international  trade  laws .  Trade  controls  involve  the  following :  •  Imports  involve  documentation  accuracy,  country  of  origin  labeling,  product  classifications  and  value  declarations  (even  for  items  without  a  cash  value,  such  as  unmarketable  product  components  or  technologies) .  •  Exports  typically  involve  approval  to  ship  to  another  country .  Export  controls  also  may  cover  moving  technical  data  or  computer  software  out  of  a  country,  such  as  on  a  laptop  computer,  and  even  sharing  certain  sensitive  knowledge  and  technology  with  an  employee  who  is  not  a  citizen  of  that  country .  The  Company  does  have  several  strategic  technologies  that  are  subject  to  export  restriction .  •  Embargoes  or  boycotts  address  restriction  of  trade  with  certain  countries,  companies  or  individuals .  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Check  with  your  manager  or  the  appropriate  international  trade  support  staff  if  you  are  unsure  of  the  correct  documentation  or  entries  on  export  or  import  documents .  •  Know  the  intended  and  final  destination  of  all  materials  identified  for  export .  •  Do  not  simply  take  a  customer’s  word  about  the  accuracy  of  completed  export/import  documentation .  The  Company  may  be  liable  for  any  incorrect  statements .  SCENARIO  Your  department  imports  a  lot  of  high  technology  products  that  do  not  fall  neatly  in  traditional  classification  categories .  You  always  submit  your  ideas  on  how  these  items  should  be  classified  to  the  local  government  customs  office .  But  usually  it  takes  them  several  weeks  to  reply .  This  slows  down  your  work  group’s  imports .  Since  the  customs  office  often  approves  your  ideas  anyway,  you  consider  whether  there  is  much  point  in  waiting  several  weeks  for  their  approval  before  finalizing  a  product’s  import  documents .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  RESPONSE  Using  unsanctioned  customs  classifications  likely  will  violate  regulatory  requirements .  If  this  occurs,  the  import  may  face  suspension  rather  than  just  a  delay .  Also ,  these  incidents  lead  customs  inspectors  to  increase  their  oversight  of  the  Company,  making  it  even  harder  to  move  products  through  customs  in  the  future .  Taking  into  consideration  delays  due  to  regulatory  uncertainty  is  one  example  of  our  commitment  to  caring  for  our  communities .  Developing  an  import  operations  procedure  that  assumes  a  few  weeks  lead  time  would  be  the  best  way  to  demonstrate  this  commitment .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  40  •  Never  provide  sensitive  technical  or  proprietary  data  to  a  person  who  is  not  a  citizen  of  your  country,  unless  you  are  sure  that  this  person  is  permitted  to  receive  it .  BE AWARE  •  Be  cautious of outdated,  incomplete,  incorrect  or poorly - completed  export or  import documentation. These can lead  to  sanctions, including  prohibitions or  restrictions on export and  import rights .  This matter can severely hurt  the  Company ’ s  ability to conduct trade. So,  it  is  better to check than cause  the  Company  to risk significant damage  due  to  penalties or  restrictions.  •  Watch  for attempts by individuals  in  other  countries to purchase  Company  products  through channels that  are  illegitimate  in their  countries.  •  Be cautious of individuals who seem  unwilling to provide accurate, complete  and timely information regarding exports  or imports. While the situation may be  innocent, it also may suggest an effort to  deceive the Company or regulators .  Caring for Our Communities

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  Value  for  our  stakeholders  is  the  result  of  successfully  serving  and  winning  the  confidence  of  our  customers  and  our  shareholders .  We  can  provide  great  financial  returns  to  our  shareholders  when  we  continue  to  serve  our  customers  to  enhance  the  Company’s  long - term  success .  In  doing  so,  we  have  a  responsibility  to  respect  and  protect  Company  assets  that  our  shareholders  have  entrusted  to  our  care  and  to  provide  to  our  shareholders  the  information  they  need  to  make  informed  investment  decisions .  Respect,  integrity  and  service  to  our  customers  are  how  we  make  our  Company  an  investment  that  our  shareholders  are  proud  of .  Superior Returns for Our  Shareholders  42  44  45  47  49  50  Information Security and Confidentiality  Protection of Company Intellectual Property  Proper Electronic Communication  Good Record Keeping and Retention  Responsibly Handling Inside Information  Careful Public  Disclosure

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  42  Company  confidential  information  plays  a  central  role  in  how  we  effectively  serve  customers  and  work  with  business  partners .  We  maintain  our  competitive  advantage  by  keeping  certain  information  confidential  or  proprietary  and  protecting  this  information  from  security  threats .  Preventing  unwanted  disclosure  is  vital  to  leverage  this  information ’ s  effectiveness .  If  you  have  access  to  the  Company ’ s  confidential  or  other  sensitive  information,  take  steps  to  properly  use  and  safeguard  it .  These  actions  will  help  to  protect  this  valuable  Company  property  and  help  the  Company  to  stay  competitive .  Information Security  and Confidentiality  OUR  STANDARD  Understand  and  follow  Company  policies  for  using,  sharing  and  safeguarding  the  Company’s  confidential  and  proprietary  information .  Take  personal  responsibility  for  maintaining  information  security  and  preventing  unauthorized  disclosure  of  Company  confidential  information  in  your  possession .  Company  confidential  information  is  not  limited  to  material  that  is  marked  as  “Confidential ” .  It  involves  all  Company  information  that  needs  to  be  controlled  in  order  to  protect  our  management  interests .  Our  Company  uses  the  following  way  to  classify  company  information :  •  Secret  –  Core  technology  or  management  information  that  would  critically  damage  the  Company  if  disclosed .  ‘Secret’  class  information  cannot  be  shared  with  any  employee  or  outsider  who  is  not  an  original  holder,  except  under  strict  approval  procedures .  •  For  Internal  Use  Only  –  All  work  products  that  we  create  in  our  daily  business  activities  are  primarily  classified  as  ‘For  internal  use  only ’ .  This  means  that  the  information  and  materials  we  create  during  our  work  can  be  shared  on  a  ‘need  to  know’  basis  with  our  colleagues,  but  it  is  not  intended  for  disclosure  to  others  outside  the  Company  without  approval  and  legal  protection  measures .  Superior Returns  for Our Shareholders  YOU  NEED  TO  KNOW  It  is  important  that  you  understand  and  follow  Company  Information  Security  Policies  that  protect  our  confidential  and  other  valuable  information  assets  from  unauthorized  disclosure  and  outside  threats .  These  include :  •  Personnel  security  and  legal  measures  to  protect  our  confidential  information  from  unauthorized  disclosure  by  current  or  former  employees  and  our  business  partners .  •  Document  security  and  confidentiality .  •  Physical  security  to  control  unauthorized  access  to  our  facilities  and  use  of  electronic  storage  media .  •  Computer  and  network  security  to  protect  the  Company  from  outside  security  threats .  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Follow  Company  information  security  procedures  for  sharing  Company  information  with  others .  This  involves  obtaining  appropriate  approval  and  executing  a  confidentiality  agreement  with  the  recipient .  •  When  sending  confidential  information  to  an  outside  party  by  email ,  “ carbon  copy ”  ( cc)  the  person  who  approved  this  transmission ,  such  as  your  manager  or  project  leader .  •  Maintain  physical  security  of  Company  facilities ,  especially  when  you  host  guests  to  the  Company  workplace .  Also  follow  Company  rules  for  using  storage  media  and  recording  equipment  inside  Company  premises .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  43  BE  AWARE  •  Carefully  think  about  the  kind  of  Company  information  you  share  with  a  business  partner .  Even  if  you  have  a  confidentiality  agreement  in  place,  consider  the  potential  consequences  of  disclosure  and  be  cautious  about  the  sensitivity  of  information  shared .  •  Understand  the  sensitivity  of  any  Company  information  you  work  with,  and  handle  and  store  it  appropriately .  Lock  away  everything  that  is  not  public  information .  •  Even  sales  and  promotional  activities  can  risk  the  Company  losing  its  valuable  competitive  advantage  if  this  knowledge  is  advertised  prematurely .  Follow  marketing  guidelines  and  understand  what  you  are  allowed  to  say  during  promotional  activities .  See  also :  ▪  “ Privacy  and  Data  Protection ”  on  page  13  ▪  “ Proper  Use  of  Other ’ s  Information ”  on  page  25  ▪  “ Protection  of  Company  Intellectual  Property ”  on  page  44  Superior Returns  for Our Shareholders  SCENARIO  The  Company  has  hired  an  outside  IT  firm  to  build  a  research  database  for  our  laboratories .  It  will  be  much  more  efficient  for  both  the  Company  and  the  developers  if  they  could  have  full  access  to  our  existing  research  data  from  their  own  offices  during  the  project .  There  are  only  a  few  outside  people  working  on  the  project,  so  you  think  that  having  confidentiality  agreements  with  each  person  will  sufficiently  protect  the  Company .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  RESPONSE  For  the  other  organization  to  easily  access  Company  information ,  a  confidentiality  agreement  is  a  good  first  step .  However,  you  should  also  consider  the  sensitivity  of  the  information  that  the  other  organization  will  have  access  to .  Some  Company  information  is  so  sensitive  that  no  way  exists  for  us  to  meaningfully  recover  the  damage  improper  disclosure  can  do,  regardless  of  whether  we  use  legal  measures  to  resolve  these  incidents .  This  is  one  reason  why  it  is  important  to  be  aware  of  Company  information  security  and  confidentiality  rules .  If  you  have  questions,  talk  with  your  manager  about  these  important  issues .  •  Protect  your  work  computer  from  intrusion .  Always  maintain  assigned  system  security  software  and  settings  and  keep  them  updated .  •  Do  not  leave  Company  confidential  information  unattended  or  where  others  can  easily  access  it,  such  as  on  your  desk  or  in  an  unsecured  file  cabinet .  •  Do  not  take  work  material  home  or  send  it  to  a  non - Company  email  or  Internet  storage  account  without  following  Company  procedures  for  doing  so .  •  Do  not  discuss  confidential  or  other  sensitive  Company  information  with  friends  or  acquaintances .  •  Do  not  discuss  confidential  details  of  your  job  when  applying  for  a  position  in  another  company,  both  during  your  employment  and  even  after  your  employment  ends .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  44  Protection of Company  Intellectual Property  The  Company ’ s  intellectual  property  embodied  in  its  product  designs,  technologies  and  information  –  is  important  to  the  Company ’ s  success .  We  only  can  serve  our  customers  well  over  the  long  term  when  we  protect  the  Company ’ s  intellectual  property  rights  that  provide  us  with  a  competitive  edge  in  innovative  products .  Just  as  we  carefully  use  others ’  designs  and  copyrighted  works,  it  is  paramount  that  we  carefully  protect  and  use  the  Company ’ s  intellectual  property .  OUR  STANDARD  Safeguard  Company  intellectual  property  from  improper  use  and,  specifically,  trade  secrets  from  improper  disclosure  of  any  kind .  YOU  NEED  TO  KNOW  Intellectual  property  consists  of :  •  Designs ,  technologies,  inventions  and  other  materials  and  information  that  are  protected  by  patents,  design  patents,  trade  marks  and  copyrights .  •  Trade  secrets,  such  as  product  designs  and  technologies,  provide  the  Company  a  competitive  advantage  in  remaining  secret .  A  trade  secret  must  never  be  disclosed  internally  or  externally  without  specific  authorization .  •  Never  disclose  any  confidential  information  that  may  be  considered  as  a  trade  secret  without  proper  Company  authorization  and  sufficient  contractual  measures  to  protect  against  others  who  may  exploit  this  information .  BE  AWARE  •  Suppliers  or  other  business  partners  may  provide  the  Company  with  designs,  technologies ,  research  results  or  other  information  that  likely  should  be  protected  as  intellectual  property .  Ask  questions  about  this  material  and  determine  beforehand  who  has  or  will  have  ownership  rights  to  it .  In  certain  instances ,  we  may  not  want  to  accept  the  information  if  we  are  working  on  similar  intellectual  property  if  accepting  it  may  compromise  our  own  efforts .  •  Watch  for  where  an  individual  or  another  company  is  using  the  Company ’ s  intellectual  property  without  permission  or  proper  labeling .  Superior Returns  for Our Shareholders  SCENARIO  After  years  of  research,  the  Company  finally  is  about  to  revolutionize  the  industry  with  a  truly  innovative  product  design .  The  Company  already  has  applied  for  design  right  registration  in  a  few  key  countries .  One  of  our  competitors  is  about  to  launch  a  similar  product  very  soon .  To  combat  this  threat ,  you  consider  whether  the  Company  should  launch  the  new  product  in  other  countries  before  completing  the  design  right  registration  there .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  RESPONSE  You  should  assume  that  others  will  copy  our  design  in  countries  where  we  have  not  obtained  registration .  While  we  certainly  want  to  put  innovative  products  quickly  into  the  marketplace,  we  also  need  to  protect  our  designs  and  other  intellectual  property  from  misappropriation .  This  is  a  major  business  decision,  and  you  should  raise  situations  like  this  with  senior  management .  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Understand  what  is  considered  to  be  Company  intellectual  property  and  help  to  safeguard  it  by  using  patents,  trademarks  and  copyrights  (consult  our  Patent  Operations  Management  Principles) .  •  Seek  advice  and  report  to  your  manager  or  appropriate  Intellectual  Property  staff  if  you  help  the  Company  to  develop  new  concepts ,  designs  or  technologies  that  likely  should  be  protected  as  intellectual  property .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  45  Proper Electronic  Communication  Certain  technology  resources  speed  communications  and  business  processes,  enabling  us  to  make  quicker  progress  and  better  respond  to  customers ’  and  others ’  needs .  Computers,  communications  systems  and  other  electronic  resources  can  better  link  our  operations  around  the  globe  and  across  many  time  zones  and  tie  together  our  efforts  with  suppliers  and  channel  partners .  When  improperly  used,  these  same  resources  also  can  risk  our  operations  and  damage  our  reputation .  As  these  technologies  continue  to  improve  rapidly,  we  need  to  better  harness  their  benefits  while  managing  their  risks .  Also,  we  need  to  remain  respectful  to  others  when  using  these  resources .  OUR  STANDARD  Always  use  Company  electronic  communications  systems  responsibly,  generally  limit  use  of  these  systems  to  business  purposes,  and  protect  these  resources  from  improper  access  or  use .  YOU  NEED  TO  KNOW  Electronic  communication  involves,  among  others :  •  Communicating  on  Company - issued  cellular  and  land - based  telephones .  •  Sending  email  on  your  Company  email  account .  •  Using  instant  message,  SMS  or  MMS  services  sponsored  by  the  Company .  •  Using  Company  information  systems  such  as  computer  hardware  and  peripheral  devices ,  software  and  network  equipment .  The  Company  has  the  right  to  and  does  inspect  use  of  its  electronic  equipment,  such  as  communications  across  and  data  stored  on  them .  This  includes  nonbusiness  data .  The  Company  also  can  use  data  on  these  systems  at  its  discretion,  including  disclosing  it  to  others  or  deleting  this  data .  You  should  not  expect  privacy  in  using  these  Company  resources ,  even  for  personal  communications .  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Limit  use  of  Company  electronic  resources  to  business  purposes .  Incidental  personal  use  should  be  minimal  and  not  interfere  with  your  work  activities .  •  Keep  all  communications  using  Company  resources  professional  and  respectful ,  even  when  communicating  with  Company  friends .  Always  consider  that  electronics  communications  can  be  easily  recreated  and  forwarded  to  unrelated  third  parties .  •  When  sending  email  or  other  text  based  communications ,  proofread  your  message  before  you  send  it .  Avoid  putting  yourself  and  the  Company  in  a  difficult  position  because  of  a  simple  editing  mistake  or  a  phrase  that  can  be  interpreted  the  wrong  way .  Superior Returns  for Our Shareholders  SCENARIO  A  colleague  and  friend  of  yours  recently  transferred  to  another  team .  You  two  continue  to  communicate  often  by  email  regarding  both  business  and  personal  matters .  You  find  her  to  be  a  good  listener  about  your  complaints  regarding  your  work  with  a  certain  channel  partner  that  she  used  to  manage .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  RESPONSE  Many  employees  are  both  colleagues  and  friends .  While  Company  electronic  resources  primarily  are  intended  for  Company  business,  certain  minimal  personal  use  is  okay .  But  remember  the  dangers  of  using  these  resources .  Communications  with  colleagues  can  be  sent  easily  to  unintended  persons  and,  once  sent,  cannot  be  erased .  Personal  use  of  Company  electronic  resources  should  be  minimal,  never  interfere  with  Company  business  and  not  involve  inappropriate  content .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  46  •  Never  use  Company  resources  to  send  inappropriate  messages  that  are  sexually  explicit,  clearly  discriminatory  or  contain  other  content  that  is  hateful .  •  Do  not  use  Company  resources  to  access  or  download  data :  -  Owned  by  others  that  you  do  not  have  a  right  to  obtain .  -  That  may  be  considered  discriminatory,  harassing ,  offensive  or  hateful .  -  That  may  include  malicious  content ,  like  a  virus,  that  could  harm  our  information  systems .  •  Do  not  use  the  email  “ carbon  copy ”  ( cc)  feature  indiscriminately .  Ensure  that  it  is  important  to  include  others  in  a  communication  before  you  copy  them  on  an  email .  Use  a  “ need  to  know ”  test  before  including  someone  in  the  cc  field .  BE  AWARE  •  All  communications  used  on  Company  electronic  resources  are  the  Company’s  property  and  must  be  handled  like  Company  confidential  information,  unless  the  information’s  ownership  is  clearly  indicated  (such  as  a  supplier’s  product  design ) .  Superior Returns  for Our Shareholders

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  47  Superior Returns  for Our Shareholders  Good Record Keeping  and Retention  The  Company’s  records  provide  important  information  about  our  operations .  These  records  allow  us  to  review  objectives  and  strategies,  determine  resources  and  measure  results,  all  of  which  help  us  to  improve  how  we  serve  and  work  with  all  of  our  stakeholders .  We  rely  heavily  on  our  records ’  accuracy  and  integrity  in  making  decisions .  Therefore,  it  is  imperative  that  we  carefully  work  with  and  maintain  these  vital  Company  resources .  OUR  STANDARD  Follow  Company  policies  and  procedures  in  developing,  maintaining  and  destroying  Company  records .  YOU  NEED  TO  KNOW  A  Company  record  is  widely  defined  as  information  or  media  that  documents  any  aspect  of  Company  business  operations .  This  would  include,  for  example :  •  Documents  we  use  to  communicate  and  make  business  decisions,  such  as  reports ,  approvals  and  correspondence .  •  Materials  related  to  transactions  with  other  parties,  such  as  receipts,  invoices  and  contracts .  •  Records  of  facts  or  events  such  as  logs,  test  results  and  statements .  SCENARIO  You  receive  a  “ Document  Preservation  Notice ”  from  the  Company ’ s  legal  staff  concerning  some  lawsuit  in  the  U . S .  that  you  were  not  aware  of .  The  retention  period  of  the  indicated  document  had  expired  last  month  and  the  original  was  destroyed .  But  you  still  have  a  copy  in  your  possession .  You  wonder  whether  you  should  destroy  the  copy  according  to  Company  document  retention  policy  or  follow  the  Document  Preservation  Notice .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  RESPONSE  In  this  instance,  the  Document  Preservation  Notice  takes  precedence .  No  one  must  destroy  a  Company  record  under  a  legal  preservation  order,  and  the  Company  should  suspend  all  document  destruction  procedures  for  related  records .  This  step  is  critically  important  to  demonstrate  to  legal  authorities  the  Company ’ s  commitment  to  working  with  them .  Because  of  the  risk  of  legal  sanctions  for  not  following  such  an  order,  this  step  also  safeguards  the  Company ’ s  reputation  and  financial  assets .  •  Other  media  that  we  use  to  preserve  information  about  Company  business  operations .  There  are  many  cases  where  laws  and  regulations  require  the  Company  to  maintain  certain  documentation  accurately  for  a  certain  period .  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Comply  with  all  laws,  regulations  and  Company  policies  regarding  retention  and  records  management .  For  instance ,  environmental  regulations  in  some  countries  require  that  we  retain  transaction  records  and  delivery  logs  of  our  waste  treatment  outsourcing  operations  for  a  certain  number  of  years .  •  When  a  record  has  completed  its  life -  cycle ,  make  sure  you  destroy  any  physical  copies  of  the  record  that  may  be  in  your  possession  and  delete  any  electronic  copies  you  may  have  inside  your  work  computer .  •  Never  alter,  delete  or  destroy  any  applicable  records  where  record  destruction  procedures  have  been  suspended  due  to  a  legal  order  or  regulatory  request .  Check  with  your  legal  staff  if  you  are  unsure .  •  Do  not  forget  to  transfer  your  prior  work  records  to  your  replacement  when  you  change  work  assignments .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  48  Superior Returns  for Our Shareholders  BE  AWARE  •  Be  aware  of  document  preservation  notices  the  Company’s  legal  staff  may  issue  from  time  to  time .  In  many  cases,  lawsuits  hinge  on  the  existence  of  records .  So,  complying  with  these  notices  is  critical  to  help  prevent  legal  losses .  What  You  Need  to  Know  about  Contracting  How  we  contract  with  channel  partners,  agents ,  suppliers  and  other  business  partners  is  an  important  part  of  developing  strong  relationships  that  help  us  to  serve  our  customers .  Observing  Company  contracting  procedures  is  important  to  ensure  we  establish  fair  relations  with  our  partners  and  keep  accurate  records  of  our  rights  and  obligations .  If  you  are  responsible  for  establishing  any  agreement  with  a  business  partner :  •  Ensure  that  a  written  contract  establishes  the  terms  of  the  business  relationship .  •  Ensure  that  legal  staff  reviews  and  approves  the  contract .  •  Register  and  file  the  final,  signed  contract  according  to  Company  contracting  procedures .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  49  Responsibly Handling  Inside Information  Certain  sensitive  business  information  has  a  key  role  in  our  success .  Our  stakeholders  trust  us  to  sufficiently  safeguard  this  sensitive  Company  information .  Misusing  inside  information  for  individual  profit,  or  disclosing  this  information  to  others,  can  severely  damage  this  trust  and  hurt  the  Company’s  and  an  individual’s  reputation  for  integrity .  Misusing  inside  information  of  other  companies  also  puts  us  and  the  Company  at  risk .  OUR  STANDARD  Carefully  safeguard  any  inside  information  belonging  to  the  Company,  a  customer  or  a  business  partner .  Do  not  trade  the  Company ’ s  securities  based  on  this  information ,  and  do  not  provide  it  to  others  without  authorization .  YOU  NEED  TO  KNOW  Inside  information  is  any  confidential  information  significant  enough  that,  if  made  public,  may  affect  the  price  of  the  Company ’ s  securities .  This  may  involve,  for  example :  •  Financial  or  operational  results  or  trends  in  these  results .  •  Major  business  decisions  and  events  such  as  establishing  a  large - scale  business  arrangement  with  a  new  partner  or  losing  a  major  buyer .  •  Pending  mergers,  acquisitions,  joint  ventures  or  other  business  alliances .  •  Capital  increases,  decreases  and  other  significant  changes  to  the  Company ’ s  financial  structure .  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Safeguard  any  inside  information  belonging  to  the  Company  or  a  business  partner  from  unauthorized  disclosure .  Report  any  unauthorized  disclosure  of  this  information  to  legal  counsel .  BE  AWARE  •  It  is  sometimes  necessary  for  the  Company  to  share  results  of  operations  and  other  significant  Company  information  with  employees .  Consider  whether  this  is  inside  information .  If  so,  do  not  disclose  this  information  to  others  outside  the  Company  unless  you  are  sure  the  Company  has  made  this  information  public .  Superior Returns  for Our Shareholders  •  Do  not  buy  or  sell  a  company’s  securities  if  you  have  inside  information  about  that  company .  •  Do  not  provide  inside  information  to  others  who  could  use  it  as  a  basis  to  trade  the  relevant  company’s  securities .  SCENARIO  A  colleague  told  you  that  she  heard  the  Company ’ s  Board  was  briefed  the  previous  day  on  a  major  initiative  that  likely  will  strongly  impact  the  Company ’ s  future  earnings .  Since  you  did  not  hear  this  news  from  the  Board  itself,  you  do  not  know  whether  this  story  is  true .  You  think  about  mentioning  it  to  another  colleague  to  see  if  it  appears  to  be  correct .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  RESPONSE  First,  you  should  not  discuss  the  matter  with  anyone  else  since  such  important  information  is  likely  to  be  sensitive  and  confidential  –  or  inside  information .  Also,  you  should  tell  your  colleague  who  shared  the  story  with  you  to  be  cautious  of  what  she  repeats  to  others  since  all  employees  have  a  duty  to  safeguard  this  information  from  disclosure .  If  inside  information  gets  out  to  others  who  use  it  improperly,  it  could  damage  the  Company’s  reputation  and  lead  to  significant  penalties  for  any  employee  who  shared  the  information .

INTERNAL  ⓒ  LG Display Co., Ltd.  2018  50  Careful  Public Disclosure  Proper  disclosure  of  Company  information  can  serve  our  business  interests  and  tell  the  great  story  of  our  Company .  These  disclosures  help  customers  and  the  public  to  appreciate  what  we  do  for  them  and  all  of  our  stakeholders .  Proper  public  disclosure  also  helps  the  Company  to  attract  and  encourage  shareholder  investment .  Further,  the  Company  has  a  legal  duty  to  make  public  and  is  committed  to  providing  information  to  the  market  on  material  events  that  may  affect  the  Company ’ s  stock  price .  OUR  STANDARD  Understand  that  certain  important  information  about  our  business  operations  and  financial  status  must  be  kept  confidential  to  all  outsiders  until  publicly  disclosed .  •  If  any  regulator,  reporter  or  regulation  authority  request  information  concerning  Company  operations,  do  not  respond  personally  and  inform  related  department  so  that  they  can  contact  them  directly .  •  Do  not  talk  with  a  news  reporter,  whether  or  not  for  attribution,  without  first  seeking  guidance  from  the  Company’s  Public  Relations  Department .  •  Do  not  indicate  that  you  are  representing  the  Company  if  you  are  providing  a  personal  opinion,  such  as  at  a  business  meeting  or  on  an  Internet  discussion  board .  Superior Returns  for Our Shareholders  BE  AWARE  Use  caution  in  the  following  situations,  or  any  situation  that,  if  disclosed,  may  materially  affect  the  Company’s  operations  or  may  materially  move  its  stock  price .  If  one  of  these  situations  occurs,  inform  your  manager  so  the  Company  can  determine  whether  it  should  make  a  public  disclosure  when  the  Company :  •  Undergoes  a  merger,  acquisition  or  divestiture .  •  Makes  a  major  capital  investment,  such  as  expanding  its  manufacturing  facilities .  •  Executes  a  significant  capital  contribution  in  another  company  or  disposal  of  its  equity  share .  •  Faces  a  major  non - frivolous  lawsuit,  securities  class  action  litigation  or  management  rights  dispute .  •  Has  been  sanctioned  with  a  large  fine  or  penalty .  •  Must  issue  a  large - scale  product  recall  or  product  removal .  •  Executes  a  large - scale  acquisition  or  disposal  of  tangible  assets,  for  example,  plant  or  equipment .  To  learn  more  about  events  and  situations  that  require  public  disclosure,  consult  our  Public  Disclosure  Operations  Principles .  SCENARIO  A  friend,  who  is  a  news  reporter,  asked  you  “ off  the  record ”  to  confirm  a  rumor  about  the  Company ’ s  financial  status .  You  do  not  work  in  finance  and  do  not  have  any  idea  about  the  Company ’ s  actual  financial  situation .  You  feel  comfortable  stating  that  you  heard  the  same  rumor,  but  that  it  is  only  a  rumor .  How  do  you  create  the  right  value ?  RESPONSE  Too  often,  unfounded  rumors  have  a  way  of  becoming  ‘ accepted  fact ’  –  in  employees ’  minds  and  even  in  the  press .  The  Company  seeks  to  communicate  appropriate  and  accurate  information  about  its  operations  to  meet  certain  legal  requirements  and  to  sustain  its  shareholders ’  and  other  stakeholders ’  trust .  So ,  it  is  important  to  allow  the  Company  to  communicate  this  information  according  to  established  procedure,  and  not  for  employees  to  circulate  rumors  that  may  be  untrue .  THE  RIGHT  WAY  •  Understand  and  follow  the  Company’s  information  security  standards .  Keep  material  information  discussed  in  management  meetings  and  other  high  level  executive  discussions  in  confidence  unless  the  Company  has  disclosed  this  information  to  the  public .


</Tech_Korea_LG Display_2025.pdf>