This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Tech_Korea_DB HiTek_2024.pdf>

DB HiTek ’ s Code of Conduct  The Global Code of Conduct details the social responsibilities that DB HiTek , as a  global corporate citizen, must assume to meet the expectations of its customers,  executives, staffs, suppliers, governments, and various other publics. This Code of  Conduct  supports  efforts  to  conduct  corporate  management  responsibly  with  autonomy a nd transparency by which all employees are asked to abide.  The DB HiTek Code of Conduct, which complies with guidelines set by RBA, consists  of the following five sections. DB HiTek commits to actively adhering to this Code  of Conduct and fulfilling its d uties as a responsible corporate citizen, and promises  to conduct an annual audit through a third - party organization.  A. LABOR  DB HiTek respects the workers as a human being and protects their dignity and  human  rights  in  accordance  with  the  standards  ackn owledged  by  the  international society. This applies to all workers including temporary, contract,  direct  employees  and  other  various  types  of  workers.  DB  HiTek  sets  the  following labor standards with human rights protection, and strives to uphold  them:  1)  Prohibition of Forced Labor  DB HiTek complies with the  ‘ Freely Chosen Employment ’  principle provided by  RBA Code of Conduct. It guarantees freely chosen employments within the  workplaces of DB HiTek and prohibits any forced labor by a mental or physical  co nfinement and debt.  DB HiTek does not hire a forced labor worker by slave contracts or human

trafficking. DB HiTek does not provide personal loans to employees to prevent  bonded labor or forced labor. Fees are not permitted under any circumstances.  As part of the hiring process, all workers can be provided with a written  employment agreement  in their native language  or  in a language the worker  can understand,  that contains a description of the terms and conditions of  employment.  Foreign  migrant  workers  must  receive  the  employment  agreement bef ore the worker departing from his or her country of origin. There  shall be no substitution or change(s) to more inadequate conditions allowed in  the employment agreement upon arrival in the receiving country.  All work must proceed voluntarily, and workers shall be free to leave work at  any time or terminate their employment without penalty if reasonable notice  (notification 1 month before the resignation) is given as per the worker ’ s  contract.  Workers are free  to move when using toilets, drinking fountains, rest  rooms, dormitories and external medical facilities, and are not restricted from  entering without reasonable reasons.  DB HiTek and its suppliers may not hold or otherwise destroy, conceal, or  confiscate  identity  or  immigration  documents,  such  as  government - issued  identification, passports, or work permits. Notwithstanding the foregoing, they  can only hold documentation if necessary to comply with local law. In this case,  workers shall not be denied acces s to their documents at any time.  The suppliers of DB HiTek must not support any illegal forced labor like slave  labor or human trafficking in any form.  2) Prohibition of Child Labor  DB HiTek, in accordance with the domestic law, does not use child labor i n any  of its production stages, and considers interests of children as the top priority.  If the child is found to be hired, the child is immediately excluded from work

and medical examinations is conducted. If the child is of compulsory education  age, the y receive education and support to maintain income until they reach  working age.  A young worker under the age of 18 shall not be put in a dangerous task for  reasons of safety and health, which include a nightshift and overtime.  DB  HiTek  offers  sufficient  support,  education,  and  training  for  its  student  workers, and the wages for the student workers, interns, and apprentices are  paid in accordance with the domestic law.  All workplaces of DB  HiTek and its suppliers comply with strict hiring processes  such as age verification, and it asks all its domestic and international workplaces,  and  all  suppliers  conducting  business  with  DB  HiTek  to  comply  with  the  regulation on child labor prohibition.  3) Working Hours  DB HiTek sets working hours for its employees in accordance with the job  specialty and related local laws. A workweek should not be more than 60 hours  per week including overtime, except in emergency or unusual situations. All  overtime mus t be voluntary. Workers shall be allowed at least one day off every  seven days.  4) Wages and Benefits  DB HiTek determines the wages fairly in consideration of the  i nternational  standard  and  local  regulations.  DB  HiTek  complies  with  minimum  wage,  overtime  pay,  social  insurance,  break - time/vacation  and  other  duties  in  accordance with the related law specified in each country; in compliance with  local laws, workers are  compensated for overtime at pay rates greater than  regular hourly rates. Deductions from wages as a disciplinary measure shall not  be permitted.

For each pay period, workers are provided with a timely and understandable  wage  statement  that  includes  suffic ient  information  to  verify  accurate  compensation  for  work  performed.  All  use  of  temporary,  dispatch  and  outsourced labor will be within the limits of the local law. Further, DB HiTek is  striving to improve the quality of life for its employees by expanding  various  employee welfare systems and programs, such as parental leave and childcare  facilities.  5) Humane Treatment  DB  HiTek  is  committed  to  a  workplace  free  of  harassment  and  unlawful  discrimination. DB HiTek does not allow any types of inhumane treatme nt  including  violence,  sexual  harassment,  sexual  abuse,  corporal  punishment,  mental or physical coercion, public shaming, or verbal abuse of workers; nor is  there to be the threat of any such treatment. DB HiTek defines the disciplinary  policies and proced ures in support of these requirements and communicates  with workers.  6) Non - Discrimination/Non - Harassment  DB HiTek  works hard to build a work environment in where rights of all the  employees are respected, creative and cultural diversity is acknowledged, and  everyone  cooperates  with  each  other.  DB  HiTek  does  not  allow  any  discrimination or harassment based on race, cu lture, religion, age, local law, or  any other reason. It also does not allow any harassment or aggressive behavior  which may disrupt work of other employees. In addition, DB HiTek does not  conduct medical checkups and physical examinations as a discriminat ory means  to workers or potential workers.  7) Freedom of Association  In conformance with local law, DB HiTek respects the right of all workers to

form and join trade unions of their own choosing, to bargain collectively and  to engage in peaceful assembly  as well as respect the right of workers to refrain  from such activities.  Workers can communicate and share ideas and concerns  with management regarding working conditions and management practices  without fear of discrimination, reprisal, intimidation, or  harassment.  B. HEALTH & SAFETY  The safety and health of DB HiTek executives, staffs, and local community is a  top priority. The company is committed to provide a safe and healthy work  environment for all its employees. It also acknowledges the continuous  input  from workers and their training to be vital in understanding and solving a safety  and  health  issue  at  a  workplace.  DB  HiTek  acknowledges  the  following  standards for safety and health, and strives to comply with them:  1) Occupational Safety  DB  HiTek works to predict safety situations of employees exposed to a potential  risk factor (example: chemical, electricity and other energy sources, fire, vehicles,  danger of falling), and controls it through an appropriate design, engineering  and administra tive control, precautionary maintenance, safe work processes  (including Lock - out, Tag - out), and continuous safety training. In case of a risk  factor not getting controlled despite all these measures, the employees are  supplied with proper individual protec tion equipment and educational materials  to handle the risk together. Also, all employees of DB HiTek have access to a  communications channel where they can bring up a safety - related issue without  fear of a penalty. DB HiTek shall take gender - responsive me asures, such as not  having pregnant women and nursing mothers in working conditions, which  could  be  hazardous  to  them  or  their  children,  and  providing  reasonable  accommodations for nursing mothers.

2) Preparation for Emergencies  DB  HiTek  strives  to  minimize  damage  caused  by  an  emergency  by  understanding  and  evaluating  possible  emergencies  and  situations,  and  preparing a proper emergency response plan and processes for reporting,  informing, and evacu ating from an emergency with well - defined training for  the  plan  and evacuation, proper fire  detection  and extinguishing systems,  proper shelters, and recovery plans. Such response plans and processes focus  on minimizing the loss of lives as well as environ mental and property damage.  3) Occupational Injury and Illnesses  DB HiTek, in accordance with the related regulations, has processes and systems  to prevent, manage, trace, and report any industrial accident and illness.  It  encourages its employees to re port an incident themselves, categorizes and  records the incident of the accident and illness, offers a necessary medical  treatment,  and  examines  each  case  followed  by  execution  of  a  corrective  measure to remove the cause to bring back employees to work.  4) Industrial Hygiene  DB HiTek understands, evaluates, and controls chemical, biological, and physical  materials to which its employees are exposed. It sees to that they are not  overexposed to these materials through technical or administrative means, an d  when a risk factor cannot be controlled by such measures, it offers proper  individual  protection  equipment  in  an  effort  to  protect  the  health  of  its  employees.  5) Physically Demanding Work  DB HiTek recognizes, evaluates, and controls the tasks which ar e too physically  demanding for employees, such as handwork, lifting heavy loads, repeated  lifting, long - standing jobs, overly repetitive or physically exhaustive assembly

work.  6) Machine Safeguarding  DB HiTek  periodically conducts a safety evaluation of production systems or  other miscellaneous machinery. When using dangerous equipment which may  injure employees, a physical protection, safety interlock, protective wall, and  other guards are supplied with prope r maintenance.  7) Hygiene, Food, and Residence  DB HiTek  offers clean  washrooms, drinking water, and spaces for  sanitary  cooking/storage and dining. The employee residences supplied by DB HiTek  offer  proper  personal  spaces,  doing  the  best  to  establish  a  pl easant  environment in terms of cleanliness, safety, and amenities.  8) Health and Safety Communication  DB HiTek conducts proper training for safety and health of all the employees,  and the information on safety and health within a workplace shall be clear ly  posted in plain sight so that employees are made aware of the importance of  safety and health.  The information s hall be provided  in the language of the  worker or in a language the worker can understand .  Health information and  training shall include content on specific risks to relevant demographics, such  as gender and age, if applicable. Training shall be pro vided to all workers prior  to the beginning of work and regularly thereafter. Workers shall be encouraged  to raise any health and safety concerns without retaliation.  C. ENVIRO N MENT  DB HiTek acknowledges that it must do all its environmental duties as a gl obal  corporation, and are involved in various activities for environmental protection

at each work place, supplier, and local community. It especially works hard to  minimize the negative effect on the local community, environment, and natural  resources whi le protecting the public health and safety during its manufacturing  stages. DB HiTek acknowledges the following environmental standards, and  strives to comply with them:  1) Environmental Permits and Reporting  DB HiTek obtains, maintains, and keeps curren t with all environmental permits  (example:  discharge  monitoring)  and  registrations  according  to  related  regulations. It also complies with the requirements related to management and  reports in obtaining the permits.  2)Pollution Prevention and Resource Reduction  DB HiTek strives to fundamentally reduce or eliminate the resource use and the  discharge  of  waste  (wastewater, and all  types of  wastes including energy)  through modified production, maintenance, and facility p rocesses, material  substitution, resource conservation, recycling and re - using raw materials.  3) Hazardous Substance  DB  HiTek  identifies  chemicals  and  other  substances  that  may  be  an  environmental hazard when released, and conducts safe treatment and t ransfer,  use, recycle/re - use, and disposal of the said substances. Hazardous waste data  is tracked and documented.  4) Solid Waste  DB HiTek systemically recognizes, manages, reduces, and responsibly dispose  of  or  recycle  solid  waste  (non - hazardous).  The  co mpany  also  implements  various efforts to reduce the generation of solid waste and to safely dispose of  or recycle it.

5) Air Emission  Volatile  organic  chemicals,  aerosols,  corrosive  gases,  particulates,  ozone -  depleting materials and combustion by - product s generated during operations  are characterized, routinely monitored, and managed/treated according to the  regulation. DB HiTek also routinely monitors the performance of its air emission  control system.  6) Materials Restriction  DB  HiTek  complies  with  all  applicable  laws,  regulations  and  customer  requirements  related  to  prohibited/limited  materials  in  final  products  and  manufacturing, and labels for recycling/disposal.  7) Water Management  DB HiTek implements a water management program.  Wastewater generated  during various operations (production, sanitation, and others) of the company  are characterized, monitored, managed/ treated according to the regulation,  and released/disposed. The company also strives to reduce wastewater, while  rout inely monitoring the performance of its wastewater treatment process.  DB  HiTek  conducts  routine  monitoring  of  the  performance  of  its  wastewater  treatment  and  containment  systems  to  ensure  optimal  performance  and  regulatory compliance.  8) Energy Consumpt ion and Greenhouse Gas Emissions  DB  HiTek  establishes  and  reports  against  an  absolute  corporate - wide  greenhouse gas reduction goal. The company tracks and documents energy  consumption and greenhouse gas emission at the corporate and facilities level.  It a lso strives to find a cost - effective way to improve the energy efficiency while  minimizing energy consumption and greenhouse gas emission.

D. ETHICS  DB HiTek is striving to understand and adhere to the following ethical standards  to maintain corporate su stainability and fulfill social responsibilities.  As a responsible corporate citizen, DB HiTek is committed to put public interest  and customer value first in real life by ethical management and fair trade.  Accordingly, it has dedicated a team under the  CEO ’ s direct supervision to  uphold the highest standards of ethical management. DB HiTek strives to stay  aware of and uphold the following business ethics:  1) Business Integrity  DB HiTek  has adopted  ‘ the code of ethics guideline ’  by which employees must  abide  and  eagerly  observe  the  value  judgment  standards  for  ethical  management. The guidelines strictly prohibit any forms of bribery, corruption,  extortion, and embezzlement.  2)No Improper  Advantage  As stated in company regulations, DB HiTek, and all its employees do not  directly/indirectly suggest, promise, approve or offer anything of value in order  to gain unjust enrichment or in return for unjust enrichment. Also, they cannot  receive  any gift or entertainment in connection to their job. Monitoring, record  keeping, and enforcement procedures are implemented to ensure compliance  with anti - corruption laws.  3) Disclosure of Information  DB HiTek openly and plainly discloses any necessary  information such as labor,  safety  and  health,  and  environmental  practices,  management,  corporate

structure,  financial  state,  and  performance  to  the  interested  parties  in  accordance  with  applicable  regulations  and  prevailing  industrial  practices.  Falsifying  records or misrepresenting conditions or practices in the supply chain  are unacceptable.  4) Intellectual Property  DB HiTek protects, maintains, and manages intellectual properties in accordance  with  applicable  regulations  and  company  rules.  It  also  take s  appropriate  measures to safeguard the supplier and customer information.  Internally, DB HiTek has established information security regulations to prohibit  actions such as leaking or exporting information assets externally, neglecting  or discarding info rmation assets, leaking personal information and company  trade secrets, disclosing or providing information assets to third parties without  a  confidentiality  agreement,  and  using  third - party  trade  secrets  obtained  illegally or unethically.  Externally, it  is securely protecting the intellectual property rights of customer  information, technology, and know - how.  5)  Fair Business, Advertising and Competition  DB HiTek believes that standards of fair business, advertising and competition  are to be upheld.  DB HiTek actively utilizes an electronic procurement system to support the  culture of clean transactions without corruption/ irrationalities and to exercise  fair and transparent purchasing activities.  To realize mutual growth managemen t with suppliers, it has established and is  implementing a pledge and code of conduct for ethical purchasing.  6) Protection of Identity and Non - Retaliation

DB HiTek  operates a cyber audit room and other programs to help employees  and stakeholders raise issues without fear of retaliation. DB HiTek maintains the  confidentiality  and  anonymity  of  its  reporting  programs  and  protects  the  identity of the whistleblower.  7)  Prohibition of Conflict Minerals  DB HiTek acknowledges the human rights violation and environmental pollution  that may occur during a mineral extraction including tin, tantalum, tungsten,  gold, cobalt (3TG+C) and others. Therefore, DB HiTek exercises due  diligence  to  use  ethically  mined  minerals  in  its  products  through  a  responsible  management of its supply chain of materials, and is working with the suppliers  to strictly ban a use of conflict minerals.  8) Privacy  DB HiTek takes appropriate measures to sa feguard personal information of  everyone related to the business, including suppliers, customers, consumers,  and employees. It also complies with privacy and information security laws  regarding the collection, transfer, and sharing of personal information.  E. MANAGEMENT SYSTEM  DB HiTek  has established a management system that encompasses the contents  of the RBA Code of Conduct and is continuously striving to improve and  develop it.  DB HiTek ’ s management system includes content of RBA Code of Conduct as  it sets forth the following eleme nts:  1) Expression of Company Commitment  DB HiTek complies with the company standards for human rights, health and

safety, and environmental and ethical responsibilities and publishes an annual  report of related activities in a language that workers can  understand.  2) Management Accountability and Responsibility  DB HiTek identifies senior executives and company representatives responsible  for  ensuring  implementation  of  the  management  system  and  associated  programs.  Senior management reviews the stat us of the system on a regular basis.  3) Response to Legal and Customer Requirements  DB HiTek  strives to identify, monitor, and understand applicable  laws and  customer requirements based on the Code of Conduct.  4) Risk Assessment and Management  DB Hi Tek manages various risks associated with the corporate management,  and when necessary, exercises risk assessment and management according to  the proper processes to control the risk.  DB HiTek shall inspect the risks throughout the environmental, health an d safety,  labor practice and ethics risks related to the company operation, and control  the identified risks according to the regulatory compliance.  5) Improvement Objectives  DB HiTek defines performance objectives, targets, and implementation plans  to  improve its social, environmental, safety and health performance, with periodic  assessment of its performance with respect to the objectives.  6) Training  DB HiTek implements appropriate training programs for its managers and  workers according to the appl icable regulations to implement the company ’ s

policies, procedures, and improvement objectives and to meet applicable legal  and regulatory requirements.  7) Communications  DB  HiTek  has  proper  processes  for  communicating  clear  and  accurate  information of th e policies and significant outcomes of the company to the  persons concerned.  8)  Worker/Stakeholder En gagement and Access  to  Remedy  DB  HiTek  operates  communication  channels  to  allow  employees,  representatives, and other stakeholders to freely provide feedback or report  violations regarding the company's code of conduct.  All workers and other stakeholders can raise issues and/or give feedbacks  through the grievance channel during their work. DB HiTek provides a safe  environment by ensuring the anonymity and confidentiality of the grievance  channel.  9) Audits and Assessment  DB HiTek conducts periodic self - evaluations to ensure conformity to le gal and  regulatory requirements, the content of this code, and customer contractual  requirements related to social and environmental responsibility.  10) Corrective action process  DB HiTek  strives to timely correct deficiencies identified by internal or external  assessments, inspections, investigations, and reviews.  11) Documentation and Records  DB HiTek  creates and maintains documents and records according to the  applicable regulations a nd company rules, and strives to safeguard personal

information based on the IT system and processes.  12) Supplier Responsibility  DB HiTek  communicates the  requirements of  this Code  to suppliers while  monitoring their compliance.  July 2024  CEO, President of DB HiTek  Ki Seog Cho


</Tech_Korea_DB HiTek_2024.pdf>