This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Tech_Korea_SK siltron_2017.pdf>

Code of Ethics Practice  Guideline  2017.  11 .  01  SK siltron Co., Ltd.

1  Ch.1  General Rules  1.  P urpose  The 'Code of Ethics Practice Guideline' (hereinafter, 'Practice Guideline’)  provides the  criteria for decision - making and actions on ethical conflict  situations that may arise  during the course of work, so that the members  of SK siltron Co., Ltd. may understand  and apply the code of ethics  correctly.  2.  Subject of Application  The  code of ethics and the practice guidelines apply to the members of SK  siltron Co.,  Ltd. (including overseas subsidiaries and branches).  3.  Operating Organization  1)  The company establishes and operates an e thics office for implementation  of ethical  management, and to carry out activities in order to conform to  the code of ethics  and practice guidelines.  2)  The ethics office functions are carried out by the management consultan t  team, and  fulfills the following roles.  •  Establish and pursue directi on and plan for ethical management  •  Establish, change and operate policies and systems of ethical management  •  Establish and amend codes and guidelines related to ethical management  •  Establish and operate a system to practice ethical management  •  Various educational and public relations activities to e stablish the culture of ethical  management  •  Acceptance,  investigation  and  processing  of  reports  on  violation  of  ethical  management  •  Ethical management related consultation, etc.  3)  The  ethics office may request members to  submit necessary materials and  conduct  interviews, and etc. The requested member shall actively  cooperate unless there is a  justifiable reason.  4)  The  ethics  office  may  request  corrective  acti on  for  the  violation  of  eth ical  management  and  must  notiffy  reports  of  ethical  management violations  that  are  deemed important to the CEO.  5 )  The department or person performing  the duties of the ethics office  directly or on

2  behalf of shall not disclose the information obtained duri ng  the duties to others  without justifiable reason.  4.  Duty to practice ethical management  1)  Members must clearly recognize thei r roles and responsibilities in  performing their  duties, and always be aware of the ethical codes and  practice guidelines  and practice  ethical management.  2)  Members should judge and act based on  the ethical codes and practice  guidelines  when they are placed in ethical conflict situations related to  business activities.  3)  If the criteria are not clearly defined in the code o f ethics and practice  guidelines, the  decision should be made according to the following decisionmaking  principles. If the  member  is  not  confident  of  their  decision,  then  the  member  must  request  consultation and follow the ethics office advice.  •  Legiti macy  :  Is there any possibility that your b ehavior can be interpreted as a  violation of law or regulation?  •  Transparency  :  Can I make my decision - making process and content public?  •  Rationality  :  Will other members make the same decision in the sam e situation?  4)  Member must promptly report to the ethics office if an member is forced to  violate  or has violated the code of ethics*, or has witnessed a violation of  the code of ethics.  5)  As a commitment to ethical management pr actice, members shall  regularly  submit  the following pledge to the company.  •  Pledge of Ethical Management  -  [ Attachment  1]  •  Anti - Corruption Statement of Compliance  -  [ Attachment  2]  6)  The  member  should  also  help  the  stakeho lders  to  understand  the  purpose  and  contents of  the code of ethics and practice guidelines in order to  actively pursue  them.  The  contractual  agreement  should  reflect  this  practice  and  the  following  pledge should be received and managed.  • BP(Business Partner)  Pledge of Practice Ethics  -  [ Attachment  3]  7)  The organization manager is responsible for actively supportin g and  managing the  ethical management of its members and related business  stakeholders, and should  set  a  good  example  by  practicing  ethical  management  through  honest  and  responsible decisi ons and actions.

3  Ch.2 Basic ethics of members violation type  1.  Documentation and calculation manipulation and false  reporting  1)  The  manipulation  or  misrepresentati on  of  a  document  or  calculation  should  be  recognized as a clear unethical conduct  which can cause  serious damage to the  company by hindering correct decision and  judgment of the organization director or  related department.  2)  Do not report or make false statement s to company executives, senior  managers,  internal auditors, or stakeholder s outside the company.  3)  In addition to direct false reports, any omi ssion, delay, or concealment of  reports is  considered to be the same in unethical conduct.  4)  Documents  should  not  be  modified,  deleted  or  destroyed  before  the  period  of  preservation by  company document management standards  and regulations.  2.  Receiving money and gifts from stakeholders  1)  The member or his / her family should not re ceive or ask for money or gifts  from  stakeholders. If received inevitably, member must report and take  necessary measures  in accordance with the prescribed procedure.  -  [ Attachment  4]  2)  Do not engage in any personal transactions with stakeholders.  3)  Representative types of money and gifts from stakeholders are as follows.  •  Monetary  :  Cash, checks, stoc k and other securities  •  Assets  :  Receive, purchase/sale, l ease, guarantee of debt set up,  etc. of movable  property/ real estate  •  Liabilities  :  Exemption, repayment, g uarantee of debt of liabilities  (foreign currency  loan, loan, interest, etc.), cash loans, etc.  •  Gifts  :  Goods, access to facilities,  service coupons, gift vouchers,  tickets, promotions  or discounts, etc.  •  Congratulatory  Gifts  :  Congratulatory money, gifts (wreaths, birthday  rings), etc.  4)  However, the following cases are exempted.  •  A ritual gift to exchange when promoting various  official contracts or alliances  •  If the gift is  a promotion or discount that is  unspecified in number or person and  is within the  specifi ed limit (50,000 won per one time and 300,000  won per annum)  5)  Do not give notice to the stakeholders in ad vance of special family events.  Examples are as follows.  •  Telling your sta keholders in person or publicly  through your boss, colleagues, or  subordinates

4  •  Sending invitations  to stakeholders (e - mail, mail,  FAX, etc.)  •  Posting on a bulle tin board that can be viewed by  external stakeholders  6)  In cases where it is difficult to make a judgme nt because the specific case is  not  specified above , it should be handled in consultation with the ethics  office.  3.  Enjoyment, hospitality and convenience from stakeholders  1)  The member or his / her family must not re ceive or request entertainment,  hospitality,  convenience, etc. from the stakeholder. If  it happens inevitably,  member must report  and  take  necessary  measures  in  accordance  with  the  established  procedures.  -  [ Attachment  5]  2)  However, the following cases are exempted.  •  Formal gatherings o r events with stakeholders that  have been pre - approve d by the  company.  •  Meals from the stakeho lders for business consultation  within the limit (50,000 won  per person and 300,000  won per visit) under the approval of the organization  manager.  3)  Do not require stakeholders to ma ke commitments to guarantee a ny  benefits, such as  post - retirement employment security, post - retirement  contracts, or accept offers from  stakeholders.  4)  In cases where it is difficult to make a jud gment because the specific case  above is  not specified, it should be processed in consu ltation with the ethics  office.  4.  Unfair use of company assets and expenses  1)  All the Company's tangible and intangibl e assets and expenses should be  used in  accordance  with  the  company's  business  activities  and  approved  objectives  and  regulations.  Unethical uses are as follows.  •  Fixed Assets  :  Unauthorized us e and removal of equipment, use  outside of business  purposes, etc.  •  Business  Assets  :  Unauthorized use and removal of vehicles, PCs and  supplies,  personal use, etc.  •  Intangible Assets  :  Job - related information / knowledge, product design, etc. used  for self / others profit  •  Company  Public  Funds  :  Unauthorized  withdrawal  of  funds  from  the  company,  private  use,  confiscation  through  the  anipulation  of  accounting books, etc.  •  Corpora te Card  :  Illegal usage (illegal discount loan, etc.), Invalid cost account use,  personal use, etc.  •  Cost  :  Submitting false re ceipts, exploiting the no - proof  system and spending on

5  personal expenses, etc.  2)  Confidential and information assets  (includin g intellectual property rights,  personal  information and third party information) of the company must be  protected from  unauthorized disclosure and leaks, and member must  observe the approval procedures  and information security guidelines when  sha ring information with others.  5.  Conflict of interest with company  1)  It is prohibited for a member to hold stoc ks of a partner company because  it may be  subject to unfair trade and conflict of interests. The specifics are  as follows.  •  The scope of the  partner  company includes all companies  that the company can  influence, even if it is not currently  registered as a partner.  •  The holding stock inclu des not only your name but also  your family name and  nickname.  •  SK affiliates and comp anies included in  the KOSPI 200  index are excluded from the  prohibition on stock holdings.  2)  It is prohibited for a  member or his / her  family to jointly invest with a  stakeholder to  acquire movable property or real estate because it may be  an unfair transaction or  confl ict of interest. The specifics are as follows.  •  Membership in condomin iums, golf clubs, health clubs,  real estate investments, and  other assets in common  ownership, even if acquired in the name of another  person,  are all inclusive and the amount equivale nt to  the equity interest can be considered  as taken from the  stakeholder.  •  It  is  also  prohibited  to  actu ally  own  a  partner  company  that  has  a  business  relationship with the company by jointly  investing with stakeholders.  3)  As  soon  as  a  member  realiz es  their  sto ckholding  of  a  partner  company,  joint  investment with a stakeholder, acqui sition of joint property, etc.,  the  member must  report and take necessary measures in accordance with the  prescribed procedure.  -  [ Attachment  6]  4)  The member or his /  her family member shall  not engage in or contribute to  the  management  of  a  company  that  is  directly  or  indirectly  in  competition  with  the  company.  5)  Member shall not be held concurrently in othe r companies, but it is possible  if it is  approved in advance  for the company's needs.  6)  Member should not interfere with norm al business or fair business by  conducting  personal business.  7)  If the family and relatives of the member are the com pany's stakeholders,  the member  should inform the organization manager  and the ethics office.  If they are related to  the  member  work,  they  should  avoid  conflicts  of  interest  with  the  company  by  changing their work duty or take other  appropriate measures.

6  8)  If member sees an opportunity for a conflic t of interest with the c ompany,  or if it is  difficult to judge whether there is a conflict of interest, the member  shall notify the  organization  manager  and  the  ethics  office  and  take  appropriate  measures  in  consultation.  6.  Job negligence  1)  Members shall perform their duties  dili gently with a sense of duty, in  accordance with  the policy of the company.  2)  Members must understand and comp ly with company regulations and  systems related  to their duties.  3)  Members shall share information and act ively cooperate with colleagues  an d related  departments to accomplish their duties.  7.  Management oversight  1)  Member should be aware of the risks that may ari se in the course of their  duties and  pay special attention to them. They should have a sense of  responsibility for problems  that arise.  2)  In particular, the manager should fulfill all ob ligations as supervisor for its  affiliated  members.  8.  Exceeding one’s authority  1)  Member  shall  not  misrepresent  his  or  her  position  or  authority  and  make  unreas onable instructions or requests i rrelevant to the purpose of the  work.  2)  Also, member should not make any promis es that can not be kept or make  decisions  outside of their authority and responsibilities.  9.  Violation of dignity  1)  As a member, you repre sent the company and must maintain dignity  internally and  externally, and you should not damage the honor of the  company due to improper  personal conduct that is unacceptable to society.  2)  Member shall not influence the perfo rmance of their duties by the ir  disorderly private  life or impair the company’s reputation.  10.  Acts that hinder healthy corporate culture  1)  Member  should  not  engage  in  activities  that  i nhibit  a  healthy  organizational  atmosphere, such as verbal / physical assau lt, sexual molestation  / sexual  harassment,  harassment or antisocial behavior through social networking  services (SNS), or online

7  media.  2)  Members should not act to promote distrus t in the organization by making  and  spreading groundless rumors.  3)  Members should refrain from  empty  formalities such as giving and  receiving wreaths  and gifts for promotion and transfers, and excessive  internal protocols.  Ch. 3  Terms of compliance regarding business partners  1.  Prohibition of unfair collusion  1)  We should not agree with  competitor s about the pricing method, the  fixed price, the  margin rate, the winning bidder and the winning price.  2)  We do not make agreements with competi tors that restrict the product/ service types,  quantity, and production facility expansion.  3)  We do n ot make agreements with  competitors to allocate trading  territories, or fixing  and allocate customers.  4)  We do not exchange business infor mation with competitors without  prior consultation  with the law enforcement department, or attend  meetings with compe titors where the  purpose is not clear.  2.  Fairness in selecting partner company  1)  We do not limit the participation in  the trading area or the trading  partner without  clear reason in order to to select or avoid (exclude) a  specific business.  2)  We do not  unilaterally refuse transaction s without specific reasons such  as reasons for  disqualification or legal issues under the company's  regulations.  3)  We do not apply a different price or quali ty condition without any reason  or arbitrarily  adjust the quantity  or adjust the priority of the transaction  to give preferential or  disadvantage to a specific company.  4)  We do not make unreasonable request  or accept unfair demand from a  person in  charge of business or a third party for the purpose of  influencing the se lection of a  company, and we immediately report to the  ethics office when receiving a business  related request from internal or  external personnel.  3.  Fair Transaction Procedures  1) Do not refuse, suspend, or significantly restri ct the contents of  transactions  based  on the other party without justifiable grounds.  2) Do not unfairly discriminate the price, transac tion conditions, etc. according  to the

8  other party of the transaction.  3)  Do  not  force  the  other  party  to  engage  in  bu siness  with a  busines s  that  you  designate, through tie - in and etc.  4) Do not force the purchase of goods or ser vices that the other party does  not intend  to purchase by abusing the t ransaction status, or force the  economic profit to be  paid in exchange for the transaction, or  proceed with  disadvantageous transaction to  the other party, or engage in unfair  interference with management decisions of the  party in investment, human  resources, etc.  5) Do not impose the other party of the tra nsaction to not pursue business  with  compet itors, or restrict the transaction area or partners.  6) Do not unfairly interfere with other business activities such as improper use  of  technology, unfair incentive, recruitment, disturbance of business  transfers.  7)  Do  not  provide  excessive  support  to  sp ecific  business  operators  through  inappropriate  funding,  assets,  commodities,  manpower  support,  or  additional  transaction steps, to provide disadvantage to other business  operators.  Ch.4  Informant Protection  1.  Informant Protection  1)  The  source  shall  not  be  discriminated  agains t  in  working  conditions  or  have  personal disadvantages due to reporting, or related statements or data  submission.  2) If  the  source  receives disadvantageous disposition  or discrimination  on  working  conditions due to the report, t he source may ask the ethics office  for corrective and  protective measures.  3) When there is a request for correction and protection from the source, the  ethics  office shall take measures to minimize the disadvantages of the  source, establish  measures to p revent recurrence, including sanctions on  the concerned person.  4)  The  company  keeps  confidentiality  so  that  the  identity  of  the  source  and  the  contents of the report are not disclosed against their will.  5) In addition to the source, the company shall pro tect in the same way  anyone else  who cooperates in the investigation by means of statement  and data submission.  6) Ethical counseling and reporting channels are as follows.  •  Website  : https://ethics.sk.co.kr  •  E - mail  :  sksiltron. ethics @ sk.com  •  Phone  : 054 - 470 - 8456  •  FAX  : 054 - 710 - 5646

9  •  Address  :  SK siltron Internal Audit Team 132 - 11,Address 3 gongdan 3 - ro, Gumi - si,  Gyeongsangbuk - do, Zip code 39400  ( Should be  u pdated)  2.  Sanctions and exemptions  1)  The company shall take measures  to  punish those who violate the  protection policy of  the source in accordance with the regulation on  violations. The activities that are  subject to this measure are as follows.  •  Retaliatory measures tha t cause disadvantages to  the source  •  Leakage of th e ident ity of the source that was made  known through position or  unintentionally  •  Searching for the source or ordering the search  2)  If the person voluntarily reports themself for t heir activities contrary to the  code of  ethics and practice guidelines  or involvement in illegal activities, it  will be taken into  consideration when punishment or disciplinary action is  taken.

10  Addendum (2017.  1 1 .  0 1)  1.  This  Code of Ethics Practice Guideline  will be enforced on November 1, 2017.  2.  Violations of  this code shall be handled according to the regulations.  Attachment  [Attachment 1] Pledge of Ethical Management  [Attachment 2] Anti - Corruption Statement of Compliance  [ Attachment  3] BP(Business Partner)  Pledge of Practice Ethics  [Attachment 4] Money a nd gift reporting procedure  [Attachment 5] Enjoyment, hospitality and  convenience reporting procedure  [Attachment 6] Business Partner shareholding  reporting procedure

11  Pledge of Ethical Management  I take pride as a member of SK siltron and pledge to abide by the  following in order to practice ethical management in the company.  1. I will respect other members, develop mutual growth with our partner  companies  through  fair  trade,  provide  our  customers  with  the  best  value  through  fair  competition with our competitors, and fulfill our responsibilities  and obligations  to our shareholders and society.  2. I will fulfill our responsibilities and obligations to incorporate and practice a  culture of ethical management in the company, and will learn the code of  ethics  and related regulations to make sure there won’t be any conduct in  violation.  3. I will immediately notify the company when I witness a  member  participating in  unfair trading  and other illegal actions or misconduct, or in receiving  an offer for  unfair trading and other illegal actions or misconduct from a stakeholder.  4.  I  will  comply  with  all  obligations  such  as  submission  of  related  documents  requested by the company during p eriodic and occasional inquiries regarding  violations of the code of ethics.  5. I will recognize that the contents of this pledge are minimum standards, and  will  act in accordance with the intention of the company's ethical  management for  other matters.  6.  I will assume all liability for the breach of this pledge.  Year  Month  Date  Affiliated Department  :  Member Number  :  Name  :  ( Sign )  [Attachment 1]

12  Anti - Corruption Statement of Compliance  As a member of SK siltron, I will  pursue the company’s management  principle based on transparent and f air trade with free competition  principle and equal participation oppo runities when carrying out work  duties. I pledge to abide by all  laws and regulations related to  anticorruption  in Korea and abroad, including the ‘Bribery Prohibition  Law’,  and the ‘Anti - Bribery Act for Foreign Officials in International  Business  Transactions’.  1.  I  will  follow  the  company's  policy  on  anti - corruption  in  domestic  and  international commerce activities.  2. I will learn the domestic and foreign anti - co rruption laws and the company’s  practice  guidelines  for  the  prevention  of  corruption,  and  will  not  make  unlawful  requests  to  domestic  and  foreign  officials,  or  promise,  give  or  receive  bribery money or other prohibited items.  3. In relation to the anti - corruption laws and regulations of the company and  its  practice guidelines, I will fulfil the duty of supervision in preventing illegal  solicitation  or  bribing  by  third  parties,  such  as  domestic  and  foreign  suppliers  and agents.  4. I will recognize the potential damage the company can take on by acts  violating the anti - corruption law and the company's practice guidelines and I  understand that the company may take  disciplinary measures in case of my  violation of the laws and regulations.  Year  Month  Date  Affiliated Department  :  Member Number  :  Name  :  ( Sign )  [Attachment 2 ]

13  BP(Business Partner)  Pledge of Ethics  Practice  The company / I will comply with the following rules regarding unethical acts and will  accept the  responsibilities  that  arise  in  case  of  violation  in  business  transactions  (including  current  transactions and all transactions that will be  executed in accordance with contracts signed, and  the same shall apply hereinafter).  1. The company / I will not violate the related laws and practices in conducting business with this  company, and especially, we pledge to prevent the following unethical  acts from happening.  A. Providing money, entertainment, hospitality and other monetary / nonmonetary benefits  to  this  company’s  employees  and  employees  of  the  affiliated  company  group  (SK)  that  can  influence the transactions with this company.  B. Unfair pr actices such as collusion of bids with similar companies or competitors.  C.  Deliberately  misrepresenting  or  omitting  important  information  in  connection  with  the  contract.  2.  We  will  cooperate  when  a  request  for  cooperation  in  investigating  unethical  cond uct  is  made,  including  requests  for  relevant  documents  (including  documents  and  financial  data  necessary  to  investigate unethical conduct).  3. In the event of an unethical act, information of the unethical act and the specific details of the  conduct  (here inafter referred to as 'information related to unethical conduct') will be notified to the company  and its affiliated companies (SK) and all subsidiaries (hereinafter referred to as 'unethical conduct  notification recipient companies'). The company / I her eby certify that the sharing of information and  results related to unethical conducts occurring under these notices does not constitute a breach of the  confidentiality obligations and does not constitute a violation of the company / my trade secrets.  4. T he company / I agree that this company and the unethical conduct notification recipient companies,  for our unethical conduct, can subject the company to sanctions (which can include denial of contract  renewal, restriction on new contracts; but in the case  of the company that is a direct party to the  transaction in which  the  unethical act  occurs, the  sanction is not  limited  to this and  reasonable  sanctions corresponding to the unethical conduct can apply) in business transactions (including, but  not limited  to, participation in future bids). We confirm that we will not file any complaints against this  company or the other unethical conduct notification recipient companies that accuses civil or criminal  liability.  Y ear  Month  Date  Company Name :  Business Registration :  SK siltron Co., Ltd.  CEO:  (Sign)  [ Attachment 3 ]

14  Money and gift reporting procedure  [Attachment  4 ]  Money and gift offered  (including congratulatory money/ congratulatory gift/ wreaths)  Direct Return (Bank transfer,  shipping, self delivery, etc.)  Notify organization  manager  and report  to the ethics  office  Notify organization  manager  and report  to the ethics  office  Handling of the goods by  ethics office (in - house auction  / welfare  facility donation, etc .)  YES  Organization manager title  enclosed in return letter  (e - mail allowed)  Provide proof of return  (bank transfer receipt,  shipment receipt, return  e - mail, etc.)  NO  If the offer has potential  of  corruption, you can  first  process as donation  and  report it to the  ethics office.  Announcement of related  contents to the provider  (possible exceptions) and  organization manager title  enclosed in letter  (email allowed)  ※  In the event that it is rude to return immediately, report and discuss with the  ethics office and  take  reasonable measures  Determine if return  is possible  Complete

15  Enjoyment, hospitality and  convenience reporting procedure  Enjoyment, hospitality,  conveniences  Transfer money  after  filing  as company expense  Transfer with personal  money  YES  NO  Notify organization  manager and report to  the ethics office  Submit proof to ethics  o ffice(transfer receipt, etc.)  Determine if return  is possible  [Attachment  5 ]  Complete

16  Business Partner shareholding  reporting procedure  [Attachment  6 ]  Partner company  share(stock,bond, etc.)  holding  Close immediately and  prohibit future buys  Report result to ethics  office (attach proof)  YES  NO  Includes nicknames and family  names (parents, spouse, children, siblings and spouse's parents,  spouse's siblings).  Report to ethics office  NO  SK affiliates or  KOSPI 200 companies  1)  YES  Determine if return  is possible  Determine need for  closing  1)  Complete  Complete


</Tech_Korea_SK siltron_2017.pdf>