This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Telecom_China_ZTT_2020.pdf>

1  ZTT Employees’ Compliance Code of Conduct  CHAPTER I.  General Provisions  Article 1.  This  Compliance  Code  is  made  in  line  with  the  Compliance  management requirements of Jiangsu Zhongtian Technology Co., Ltd. (the “ Company ”  or “ ZTT ”) wi th the  purpose to regulate the business - related activities of the Company’s  Employees at all levels in accordance with laws, rules, and regulations.  Article 2.  This Compliance Code  applies to all the Employees of the Company  and its foreign and domestic controlled subsidiar ies (hereinafter referred to as the  “ Subsidiaries ”) and the relevant Third Parties.  Article 3.  The terms used in this Compliance Code shall have the meaning  ascribed to them below:  (1)  “ Employee ” refers to all Company & Subsidiaries management personnel,  directors, and  employees  (permanent and temporary).  (2)  “ Third Parties ” refers to all entities such as agents, advisers and other  intermediaries, consultants, representatives, distributors, contractors, subcontractors,  suppliers, consortia, joint venture partners and  other kind of third parties with whom it  has business relationships or with whom it works to obtain orders or permits (whether  an individual, partnership, corporation or unincorporated entity) engaged by the  Company or any Subsidiaries in any forms or unde r any titles.  (3)  “ Compliance ” means the adherence of the requirements of the applicable laws  and  regulations,  international  conventions,  Compliance  Codes  of  International  Organization, regulatory provisions, industrial standard, business practice, ethics and  the Company’s articles of association and rules and regulations by the Company and its  Subsidiaries in their regular course of business .  (4)  “ Appropriate Compliance Department ” refers to Compliance Standard  Department of the Company, or Compliance Department o r Compliance Officers of a  Subsidiary, depending on whether the entity responsible for business operation is the  Company or a Subsidiary.  (5)  “ Non - compliance  Conducts ”  refers  to  corruptive,  fraudulent,  collusive,  coercive,  obstructive  or  other  misconducts  san ctioned  by  various  multilateral  development banks and other Noncompliance Conducts.  CHAPTER II.  Employees’ Compliance Code of Conduct

2  Article 4.  The Employees must comply with ZTT’s corporate spirits of “diligent  &  hardworking;  strong  &  ambitious”,  ZTT’s  corporate  va lue  of  “dedicated  manufacture”, and ZZT’s corporate principles of “self - motivated & innovative; best  effort for own work & volunteer effort for extra work; find problem & solve problem” ,  must act in strict compliance with the national laws, rules and regul ations, as well as  the rules and policies of the Company and the Subsidiaries, with a view to being  responsible for the society and protecting the interest of the Company,  and must meet  the following six Compliance requirements, namely: (1) to insist on ho nesty and  Compliance; (2) to maintain fair competition; (3) to guard against bribery and  corruption;  (4)  to  avoid  conflicts  of  interest;  (5)  to  keep  Commercial  Secrets  confidential; and (6) to maintain the highest level of Compliance & ethics standards.  Article 5.  To  Insist on Honesty and Compliance  (1)  Employees shall always put the interests of the Company and the Subsidiaries  on top priority, identify with the culture and objectives of the Company and the  Subsidiaries, earnestly perform their own duties, and make effor ts to maintain the  social image and good reputation  of the Company and the Subsidiaries; and shall not  impair the image or reputation of the Company and the Subsidiaries, or damage the  interest of the Company for the benefit of small collective or individ ual, or disrupt the  growth of the Company and the Subsidiaries..  (2)  Employees shall be fully aware that they will be subject to civil or criminal  liability for any violation of laws, regulations, or Compliance requirements, and any  such violations would cause  damage to the reputation of the Company and the  Subsidiaries.  (3)  Employees shall not do any prohibited misconduct which could lead to the  involvement of the Company and the Subsidiaries in any suspected unlawful or  proscribed unethical practices.  (4)  Employees s hall treat all colleagues and visitors with respect and humility,  shall  always keep in mind that his/her every word and every move will influence the  image of the Company, shall be polite and well - mannered at work or business occasion,  and shall try to bec ome more decent and elegant.  (5)  Employees shall communicate with their colleagues and supervisors in the  manner of trust and collaboration, and work together with them to complete the tasks  (6)  Employees shall be honest and fair to all clients, and ensure that th e  information  communicated  with  or  introduced  to  clients  is  true  and  accurate.  Employees are prohibited from gaining business in the way of misleading current or  potential clients.

3  (7)  Employees are prohibited from stealing or abusing the property of the  Company and the Subsidiaries or any power granted by the Company and the  Subsidiaries.  (8)  Employees shall not forge or falsify work records, bidding documents, or other  materials  (9)  Employees shall not impair, harm, or threaten to impair or harm anyone or their  property in order to improperly influence the actions of any colleague, client,  competitor, or any other party.  Article 6.  To Maintain Fair Competition  (1)  Employees shall comply with all applicable competition law, anti - trust law,  and other applicable laws  related to maintaining fair competition in the market.  Employees shall not exchange sensitive information with competitors in violation of  competition or anti - trust law.  (2)  Employees shall not collude with competitors or jointly participate in any  action with  an improper intent or effect, such as bid rigging, price fixing or cartels,  violating bidding processes, dividing markets, or limiting production.  (3)  Employees shall not, by using the inside information, damage the interest of  the Company and the Subsidiarie s for benefit, or acquire more competitive advantages  than outsiders for their personal interest.  Article 7.  To Guard against Commercial Bribery  (1)  Employees shall fully understand that the business success of the Company  and the Subsidiaries must be based on market com petitiveness, performance, quality of  products, services, and technologies. In any circumstances, Employees shall not seek  success in any business activities through any form of bribery or corruption or other  improper activities of the same nature.  (2)  Employe es shall not offer, promise, authorize, give, or receive any type of  bribes, commercial or financial advantage, cash payments or valuable gifts that are  intended to improperly influence any act or business decision, secure any improper  advantage, or compro mise independent judgment of any government official, customer,  or other person. Employees are also prohibited from carrying out the above activities  indirectly through any Third Party including relatives or associates.  (3)  Employees shall not offer, promise,  or give money, services, gifts, or other  valuable items (including hospitality) in order to obtain or retain business opportunity  or other interest. Employees are also prohibited from carrying out the above activities

4  indirectly through any Third Party inc luding relatives or associates.  (4)  Employees shall not receive money, services, gifts, or other valuable items  (including hospitality) from subcontractors or suppliers for having given business to an  individual or organization. Relatives and associates of Emp loyees are also prohibited  from receiving such benefits.  (5)  Employees  shall  follow  the  ethical  standards,  Compliance  policies  and  requirements of the Company and the Subsidiaries when conducting business with the  government or its affiliates, especially when  seeking government approval, licensing,  access or related approval.  (6)  In certain social customs and cultures, Employees could exchange symbolic  non - cash or non - cash - equivalent gifts of nominal value or courtesy souvenirs, or  provide hospitality in connection  with their business activities. If the ultimate goal is to  improperly influence business decisions, however, Employees shall not give, offer,  promise, or accept any such gifts, souvenirs or hospitality (including money, loans,  invitations, and expense pay ments or reimbursements) or any other form of special  treatment. Employees are also prohibited from carrying out the above activities  indirectly through third parties including relatives or associates.  Article 8.  To Avoid Conflict of Interests  (1)  Conflict of interests m ay distort Employees’ business judgment. Employees  must avoid undertaking any activities that may cause, or create the perception of, a  Conflict of Interests between (a) themselves or any relative and (b) the Company and  the Subsidiaries or their related p arties, including but not limited to:  a.  Employee shall not arrange their relatives in, or receive labor or technical  service from,  any related entity  that may have a Conflict of Interest without the  written approval by the responsible person;  b.  Employees shall  be prohibited from being engaged in any concurrent job  during their working hours or with other resources in the Company and the  Subsidiaries, or concurrently being employed by  any related entity  or competitor  of the Company and the Subsidiaries; and thei r concurrently job shall not  compete with the Company and the Subsidiaries or influence their work at or  damage the image of the Company and the Subsidiaries;  c.  Employees  shall  be  prohibited  from  investing  in  any  company  which  participates in the operation a nd management, or investing in any client or  competitor of the Company and the Subsidiaries, or providing any benefit to  the  investees  by using their positions.  Employees are also prohibited from carrying  out the above activities indirectly through third p arties including relatives or

5  associates.  (2)  Employees’ business decisions and actions shall be based on the best interests  of the Company and the Subsidiaries. Independent judgment and reasonable decision -  making shall not be influenced by any relationships w ith prospective or existing  suppliers, subcontractors, representatives, contract employees, customers, competitors,  or regulators.  (3)  To avoid Conflict of Interests, the Company and the Subsidiaries may hire or  offer any contract to a former or current govern mental employee only in rare  circumstances and only if all of the conditions set forth in the Compliance policies,  rules, and requirements of the Company and the Subsidiaries have been satisfied.  Article 9.  To Keep Commercial Secrets Confidential  (1)  Employees shall  adhere to the Commercial Secrets protection policies of the  Company and the Subsidiaries.  (2)  Without  internal  communication or prior  approval  from  the supervisor,  Employees shall not publish, discuss in public, disclose to unauthorized persons or  organization s,  or  use  without  proper  authorization,  any  confidential  business  information and confidential technical information (“ Commercial Secrets ”) belonging  to the Company and the Subsidiaries or its related Third Party.  (3)  Business information includes but is not l imited to: secrets in important  decision - making; business strategies, business guidelines, business plans, business  projects and business decisions that have not been reduced to practice; inside contracts,  agreements, letters of intent and feasibility repo rts, and important meeting minutes;  information of supply and sales, and profiles of suppliers and clients; financial budget  and final accounting reports, and financial statements and statistics statements (other  than those required to be disclosed to the  public); data and information that are not  available in market or in public; personal files, salaries, incomes from providing labor  service and other materials of staff and employees; and corporate governance rules and  regulations.  (4)  Technical information in cludes but is not limited to: technical documentations;  technical  achievements,  essays,  publications  and  books  that  are  completed  by  Employees during their work, or conclusions and perceptions generated by them from  their work (which are owned by the Compa ny or the Subsidiaries); and other matters  that are identified as confidential by the Company or the Subsidiaries.  (5)  Employees who are responsible for the management, use, and delivery of  confidential business information and confidential technical informati on (including  client and supplier related information) shall not improperly disclose or abuse such

6  information internally within the Company and the Subsidiaries or to an external Third  Party;  if any secret of the Company and the Subsidiaries is required t o be disclosed for  the purpose of external communication and cooperation, then such disclosure shall be  subject to the prior approval by the general manager; upon awareness of any actual or  possible disclosure of confidential business information or confid ential technical  information, Employees shall immediately take measures to remedy and promptly  report such disclosure.  (6)  Employees shall not benefit themselves or others by taking advantage of any  Commercial Secret or other information resources of the Compa ny and the Subsidiaries.  Article 10.  To Abide by the Highest Ethical Standard  Employees shall abide by the highest ethical standards in all projects, and shall be  prohibited from any Noncompliance Conducts  at all times and in any form, whether  direct or indirect , incl uding but not limited to:  (1)  "Corrupt activity" means the act of providing, giving, receiving or requiring  any valuable property directly or indirectly, to unduly affect the acts of the other party.  (2)  "Fraudulent activity" means any act or concealment, includi ng distortion of  facts, any intentional or reckless misleading, or an attempt to mislead a party in order  to obtain financial or other benefits or to evade an obligation.  (3)  "Collusive activity" means an arrangement schemed by two or more parties to  achieve a n improper purpose, including an act that unduly affects the other party.  (4)  "Pressure activity" means the act of directly or indirectly weakening or injuring,  or threatening to weaken or injure any party or its property in order to unduly affect the  act of t hat party.  (5)  "Obstruction activity" means intentional destruction, forgery, alteration or  concealment of evidence required for investigation or the provision of false information  to investigators, which severely impedes the investigation of alleged corruptio n, fraud,  pressure or collusion by the World Bank or other multilateral development banks,  and/or threatens, harasses or coerces any party to prevent it from disclosing any known  information related to or participation in the investigation, or to attempt t o seriously  impede the World Bank or other multilateral development bank from investigating and  exercising the audit rights conferred upon them.  CHAPTER III.  Compliance Requirements for the Management and Employees  Article 11.  While  complying  with  this  Compliance  Code ,  the  Company's  management and Employees shall also have the following Compliance responsibilities:

7  (1)  Management at all levels and employees shall have the responsibilities to act  in strict compliance with this Compliance Code. Management at all levels must  actively  promote the implementation of this Compliance Code, and show their commitment to  complying with this Compliance Code through actions.  (2)  Management at all levels of the Company and the Subsidiaries are obligated to  directly demonstrate that all  Employees shall, as their primary consideration in carrying  out  any production and business  activities, abide by the ethical  standards and  Compliance requirements of the Company and the Subsidiaries.  (3)  Management at all levels of the Company and the Subsidia ries must be vigilant  in preventing, detecting, and responding to any violation of this Compliance Code, and  protect the Employees who make good - faith reports of violations of the Compliance  Code from retaliation.  (4)  In addition to abiding by the applicable l aw, regulations and Compliance  requirements that apply to their positions and job activities, all the Employees of the  Company and the Subsidiaries are obligated to be fully aware of  and implement this  Compliance Code in their day - to - day  production and business activities  (5)  Employees are obliged to report any known or potential violations of this  Compliance Code. When reporting, Employees shall submit evidence of actual or  potential  violations  of  this  Compliance  Code  to  the  Appropriate  Compl iance  Department, or report to the responsible person in accordance with the Compliance  policies and systems of the Company and the Subsidiaries.  (6)  All Employees shall sign the Compliance Statement (see Annex  1 ) annually  and shall adhere to the Compliance St atement.  (7)  The  Company  and  the  Subsidiaries  shall  conduct  annual  Compliance  performance appraisal on all Employees. The Human Resources Department of the  Company and the Subsidiaries, in conjunction with the Appropriate Compliance  Department, shall formulate  specific Compliance performance appraisal standards  according to the actual situations of the Company and the Subsidiaries.  CHAPTER IV.  Consultation, Reporting and Sanction of Violation  Article 12.  Employees  should,  in  any  time,  consult  with  the Appropriate  Complianc e  Department  or  the  Compliance  Officer  of  the  Company  and  the  Subsidiar ies  or the Chief Compliance Officer  of the Company  with regard to the matters  related to this Compliance Code, the Compliance policies of the Company and the  Subsidiaries, the ethical s tandards and the applicable law and regulations . The specific  circumstances include but not limited to :

8  (1)  any concerns involving ethical or Compliance problems;  (2)  any hesitation, in certain specific situations, on how to proceed in accordance  with the  ethical  standards  of the Company and the Subsidiaries ;  (3)  any request from business partners, clients, or colleagues that might violate  ethical  standards, Compliance policies, or  even  applicable law;  (4)  any perceived or suspected activities of business partners, client s, or colleagues  that might violate  ethical  standards, Compliance policies, or  even  applicable law; or  (5)  any other question or circumstance involving Compliance.  Article 13.  Employees  who  make  good - faith  reports  of  violations  will  be  protected from retaliatory measures .  If the report is t ru e, any person involved in the  reported Compliance violation will be subject to disciplinary measures. If the reporting  person is also involved in the reported Compliance violation activity, he/she may still  be subject to disciplinary m easures,  but  the punishment upon the  initiative  whistle -  blower should be lenient according to the circumstances.  Article 14.  Any Employee who fails to comply with the Compliance Code shall  be subject to disciplinary measures, which include but are not limited to termi nation of  employment, dismissal, demotion, demerit, warning  etc.  Consultation and Reporting Hotline: 13773643437;  Consultation and Reporting Email:  xuyaqin@chinaztt.com .  CHAPTER V.  Miscellaneous  Article 15.  This Compliance C ode should be interpreted by the Compliance  Standard Department of the Company.  Article 16.  This Compliance Code shall come into force from the date of issuance.

9  Annex 1  Employees’ Compliance Statement  Note: Please read the following regulations carefully and  sign and date below after  understanding and confirmation. Should you have any question, please contact the  Appropriate Compliance Department.  I, ________________, hereby state and guarantee as follows:  1. I have carefully read the Employee Compliance Code  of Conduct and hereby  state that I have strictly adhered to all the regulations contained in the Employee  Compliance Code of Conduct during the past twelve months.  2. I guarantee that, during the past twelve months, there has been no bad record or  improper  payment caused by me.  3. I guarantee that, during the past twelve months, if I was aware that any of  colleagues, subordinates and superiors is in violation of the Employees’ Compliance  Code of Conduct, I have reported such violation to the Appropriate Com pliance  Department through the Consultation and Reporting Hotline or directly to the Chief  Compliance Officer of ZTT.  4. I promise that, if I become aware of any violation of the Employees’ Compliance  Code of Conduct,  I will  immediately report it  to  the Ap propriate  Compliance  Department directly or through the hotline.  5. I guarantee that I understand the provisions of the Compliance policies and rules  relating to my duties and has not violated or evaded such provisions of the Compliance  policies and rules  during the past twelve months.  6. I am certain that, during the past twelve months, I have no knowledge of any  violation or evasion of the provisions of the Compliance policies and rules by  colleagues, subordinates or superiors.  7. I am certain that, if I  become aware of any violation of the Compliance policies  and rules, I will immediately report to the Appropriate Compliance Department,  directly or through the hotline.  8. I agree that any misstatement in this Statement will result in various disciplinary  penalties, including but not limited to condemnation or dismissal.  Name:  Title:  Signature:


</Telecom_China_ZTT_2020.pdf>