This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Telecom_Korea_KT Corp_2019.pdf>

Guidelines for  the Practice of E thical  M anagement  P rinciples  Office of E thical  M anagement

Contents  Chapter 1 General Provisions  ................................ ................................ ................................ ................  3  Chapter 2 Relations with Customers ................................ ................................ ................................ ......  6  Chap ter 3 Relations with Directors/Employees  ................................ ................................ .....................  9  Chapter 4 Relations among Directors/Employees  ................................ ................................ ...............  16  Chapter 5 Relations with Stakeholders  ................................ ................................ ................................  21  Chapter 6 Whistleblowing on Unethical Conduct & Compensation  ................................ ...................  28

Guidelines for  the Practice of E thical  M anagement  P rinciples  Chapter  1 General Provisions  1 -  1.  P urpose  The purpose of these Guidelines  for the Practice of Ethical Management Principles  (“Guidelines”)  is to set out  matters concerning ethics - related decisions and behavioral criteria faced by  directors/employees  in their service  for  KT Co., Ltd.  (“ Company ”)  and those concerning  the  whistleblowing  of  unethical cases.  1 -  2.  Scope of  A pplication  〇  T hese Guidelines  shall apply to all  current  directors/employees  of Company.  1 - 3.  Definition  of Terms  〇  M one y/valuables , etc.  ( including  the  making  of  such  provision ) ,  refer s  to:  -  Any  object with property value ,  such as cash ,  marketable securities ,  real estate ,  articles ,  hotel voucher s ,  membership card s ,  admission ticket s ,  discount voucher s ,  invitation s ,  the right to use real estate ,  and the like,  etc. ;  -  The p rovision of food, liquor ,  golf  get - together s,  or transportation/lodging ; and/or  -  Other tangible/intangible economic gain s,  such as  the  waiver of  financial  obligation, provision of a job  opportunity or economic right, etc.  〇  External  whistleblower :  R efers to a  person  reporting  an act of  an employee of the Company  receiving or  providing  money and /or  valuables  as an employee of an affiliate or subcontractor .  or an outsider other than  a  director/employee  of the Company obligated to  conduct such action .  〇  Internal  whistleblower :  R ef ers to an  employee of the Company  reporting  a fact about a dishonest transaction,  illegal act ,  or an act that may do harm to the Company perpetrated by a  director/employee  of the Company.  〇  S takeholder : R efers to any person or organization ,  either in or out of the Company ,  such as a supplier,  subcontractor ,  or business partner ,  whose right ,  or  interest ,  is affected by an act ,  or decision ,  carried out ,  or  made ,  by a  director/employee  of the Company concerning the Company ’ s business. A stakeho lder shall not  include a customer ,  or a  director/employee  of the Company.  〇  P ublic official, etc. :  R efers to a public official, a  director/employee  of a public institution ,  an  educational  institution ,  or a press media  as  stipulated in the  Improper  Solicitation and Graft  Act .  A public official is  regarded as  being included  with in  that of  a  “ customer ,”  or a  “ stakeholder ,”  in Chapte rs 2 and 5 hereof ,  respectively.  〇  M anager :  R efers to an employee assigned as the head of a department  ( or team leader or  higher ).

1 - 4.  E thical  D ecisions  &  P rinciples of  C onduct  〇  All  directors/employees  shall make judgements and engage in acts based on  ethical management  principles  and guidelines for putting them into practice when faced with ethics - related  conflicts  while c onducting  business  for the Company .  1 - 5.  Responsibilities & Obligations of  Di rectors/ E mployee s  〇  Directors/Employee s  shall put top priority on  customers  while  strictly observe relevant laws and criteria .  〇  Di rectors/Employee s  shall make judgments reasonably and objectively from a standpoint of  the Company's  overall profit ability  while  engag ing  in act s  responsibly.  〇  Di rectors/Employee s  shall do their best to avoid risks harmful to t he Company  and cope with risks once they  have  occurred .  〇  Di rectors/Employee s  shall familiarize themselves with ,  and observe ,  the  ethical management  principles  and  the guidelines  so as to  put them into practice .  〇  Di rectors/Employee s  shall  not be exempt from responsibility under the premise  that they were not  familiar  with the  ethical management  principles  and  the guidelines .  Where something is not clear from an ethical  standpoint, they shall  inquire to  the Office of E thical  M anagement  and act in  accordance  with  given  instruction .  〇  Di rectors/Employee s  shall not use their family  members , relative s , or acquaintance s ,  in an attempt to  violate  these  Guidelines .  1 - 6.  Responsibilities & Obligations of  M anager s  〇  Managers  shall ensure that their  employees  and relevant  stakeholder s  correctly understand and  observe  the  ethical management  principles  and  the guidelines for putting them into practice .  〇  Managers  shall set an example for their  employees  to observ e  ethical management  principles  and  the  guidelines for putting them into  practice , while  conducting  fair and  sound  decisions and acts.  〇  Managers  shall be responsible for the result of a case occurring in their department/team in violation of the  ethical management  principles  and  guidelines for putting them into practice .  1 - 7.  R ewards  & M easures  T aken against  V iolations  〇  T he Company  shall  provide adequate payment of  compensation for  directors/employees ,  or  external  stakeholder s ,  who have contributed to the attainment of the purpose of  these Guidelines  per relevant regulations.  〇  T he Company  shall punish  directors/employees  in violation of  these Guidelines  per relevant regulations.  1 - 8.  Whistleblowing  on U nethical  C onduct  〇  Internal  whistleblowing  -  Where an employee/director has  either become aware  or been offered an opportunity to take part in an  unethical act  that is against  ethical management  principles , he/she shall  report  it to the Office of E thical

M anagement .  -  T he Company  shall ensure that  the  whistleblower  stated in the foregoing sentence shall not be subject to any  unfair treatment  as an employee of the Company  and his/her identity shall remain undisclosed .  〇  Voluntary  whistleblowing  -  The Company may reduce punishment of an employee/director who  reports  his/her  own  unethical act  voluntarily  to  the Office of Ethical Management ,  or  a manager ,  in an effort to  rectify  his/her  unethical act .  -  A  manager  who has received such voluntary  whistleblowing  shall inform  the Office of Ethical Management .  -  An employee /director who has received  money/valuables  provided  from another  director/employee  or  an  external stakeholder  concerning a dishonest purpose against his/her wishes shall  report  it within 3 (three) days  to the  Clean - 365  Center  ( or a personnel or  organizational operation department ).  ※  The  Clean - 365  Center is operated to protect  directors/employees , who have  received  money/valuables  concerning a dishonest purpose against his/her wishes. Such  receipt of  money/valuables  that  is reported  shall  be used  for the Company ’ s social contribution activities .  〇  E xternal stakeholder ’ s  whistleblowing  -  Where an  external stakeholder ,  such as a  customer  or an employee of an  affiliate  or  subcontractor , etc. ,  has  reported  an unethical act of a  director/employee  of  the Company , the Company shall  process it  as  per the  relevant procedure and inform the  whistleblower  of the result upon request .  -  The  Company  shall  ensure that the identity of  the said  whistleblower  shall not be disclosed .  1 - 9.  Authoritative  I nterpretation  〇  A question about the  ethical management  principles  and  the guidelines for putting them into practice  shall  be put to  the Office of Ethical Management  and  relevant  acts shall follow its interpretation .  〇  C ustomarily acceptable level :  -  A m eal amounting to  KRW  30,000 or less provided to c onduct  business more smoothly or to  promote closer  relations;  -  A g ift amounting to  KRW  50,000 or less provided to c onduct  business more smoothly ,  to  promote  closer  relations,  or on a congratulatory/condolat ory occasion ; and/or  *  M arketable securities ,  including gift certificates ,  shall  not  be recognized as a  “ gift. ”  -  An  amount  of  KRW  50,000  or  less  paid  on  a  relevant  occasion  shall  be  recognized  as  c ongratulatory/condolence money .  ※  Congratulations/condolence flowers amounting to  KRW  100,000 won or less shall be recognized as a  “ gift. ”  Where  congratulatory/condolatory money  is accompanied by  flowers , the total amount  shall not exceed  KRW  100,000 . ( In this instance , c ongratulatory/cond olence money  shall not exceed  KRW  5 0,000. )  ※  Where two or more of  a  meal,  a  gift, and  congratulatory/condolence money  is provided/received, the  total  value shall be  taken into account  to see whether it fits the foregoing regulation , while t he value of each  item shall  not exceed what is stipulated in the foregoing .  1 - 10.  Enforcement  〇  T hese Guidelines  shall enter into  effect  on April 5,  2019.

Chapter 2  Re lations with  C ustomers  Category  Prohibited Acts  Degree  of  P unishment  Remarks  C ustomer  di s satisfaction  ( C ustomer  deception )  -  Willful failure to make good on a promise  -  Willful failure to  deal with customer ’ s  complaints  -  Deceiving  customers  C ensure ship -  D ismissal  Violation  of  fiduciary duty  Disclosure of  customer  information  -  Careless handling of  customer  information  -  Disclosure/unauthorized use of  customer  information  P ay cut - D ismissal  -  Violation  of  fiduciary  duty  -  Failure to keep  customer  information  safe  - Receipt  & provision  of  money/valuables  from/to  -  customer  -  Encroaching on  customer  property rights  -  Receipt of  money/valuables  provided  dishonestly from a customer; provision  of such to a customer  P ay cut - D ismissal  -  Violation  of  fiduciary  duty  -  U nauthorized use of a  customer ’ s  property  -  Causing loss in a  customer ’ s  property  C ensure ship -  D ismissal  -  Violation  of  fiduciary  duty  -  Violation  of  duty  of  integrity  2 -  1.  Customer Dissatisfaction  ( F raudulence )  [ Prohibited  Acts ]  〇  A  willful  act to  not  make good on a promise made to  customers  〇  A  willful  act to handle  customer  complaints unfaithfully  〇  An act  of  neglect ing  customer  requests or opinions  〇  An  act of  deceiv ing  customers  when selling goods  [ Conduct G uidelines ]  〇  To faithfully implement  promise s  made to  customers  〇  To ask for customer understanding in advance when unable to  faithfully implement  on promise s  made  〇  To  politely  listen to  customer  suggestions and complaints  and promptly  handle complaints  〇  To n ot provide  customers  with false or exaggerated ads  〇  To strive to  acquire  professional knowledge in areas you work to be able to provide differentiated value to  customers

2 - 2.  Disclosure of  C ustomer  I nformation  [ Prohibited  Acts ]  〇  An act of u nauthorized acquisition,  possession , use ,  or disclosure of  customer  information  〇  An act involving the l oss or private use of  customer  information  and/or negligence  [ Conduct G uidelines ]  〇  To not  use  customer  personal  information ,  including transaction details, and not provide it to a third party  unless permitted  by law  〇  To not  access  the Company  computer system for  customer information  by using another person ’ s name or  password dishonestly  〇  To not  collect,  possess , pass ,  or disclose personal  information  without  customer  consent  and ; not to use such  information  for an unauthorized purpose  -  To not  provide  customer information  to a third party through phone ,  fax ,  or email, etc . , and/or  -  To n ot respond to a request from someone close to you for disclosure of cu stomer information  under any  circumstances .  〇  To  thoroughly  protect  customer information  so as  to avoid loss or unauthorized disclosure  -  To  conduct adequate  protective measures for all  customer information  as  per the laws and  Company  guidelines  and  regulations ;  -  To not  leave a document containing  custo mer information  unattended for an extended period of time  that is  displayed on a desk or  computer screen ;  -  To make contractual relationship s  clear about handling  customer information  (including the need to destroy  customer information  upon the end of the relevant business) when providing  customer information  to an  outside business for direct mailing ( DM )  and  goods delivery ; and/or  -  To n ot to make unnecessary copies of documents or files containing  customer information  under strict  man agerial  supervision .  2 -  3.  Receipt & Provision of Money/Valuables from/to Customer & Encroaching on Customer Property Rights  [ Prohibited  Acts ]  〇  An act of  receipt of money/valuables provided dishonestly from a customer and provision of such to a customer  〇  An act of u nauthorized use of  customer  property  〇  An act  of  c ausing loss  of  customer  property  [ Conduct G uidelines ]  〇  To not  receive  money/valuables  directly or indirectly  provided  by a customer  and  not encourage or  contrive  such  acts  〇  To explain  Company  ethical management  guidelines and  politely  refuse to accept such an offer  -  The foregoing  shall  not apply to things like  money/valuables  or a souvenir distributed uniformly to unspecified

people at an  official  event hosted by a customer.  〇  To  immediately  return things provided unawares  〇  To submit things that have been provided to you against your wishes to the  Clean - 365  Center within 3 (three)  business days  where  it is difficult to return them  〇  To not provide  money/valuables  if the customer is a  public  official, etc. ,  or his/her spouse  as  stipulated in  the  I mproper  Solicitation and Graft  Act .  -  However, provision of  a  meal,  a  gift or  congratulatory/condolence money  shall be allowed if it is intended to  c onduct  Company business more smoothly or to  promote closer relations  without expecting something in return  and provided at a customarily acceptable level ,  even if falls under the category of  “ exceptions ”  as  stipulated in  the  I mproper  Solicitation and Graft Act ; and/or  -  G olf  get - together - related matters shall  abide by  Clause 5 - 5  [ I mproper Golf G et - togethers]  of  Chapter  5  Relations  with  S takeholder s .  〇  To not  fail to obtain customer prior consent when required to  inevitably  use customer property in c onducting  Company  operations and  n ot  instigate  customer property  loss .

Chapter  3  R elations with  D irectors/ E mployees  Category  Prohibited  A cts  Degree  of  P unishment  Remarks  Embezzlement/misapprop  riation of Company money  -  Private  use  of Company - earned  rev enue  -  Private  use  of Company - owned  corporate  card or marketable securities  P ay cut - dismissal  Violation  of  obligation of  integrity  P rivate use of  and  destruction of  the  Company  property  -  Private use of Company - owned  articles  -  Engaging in private business during work  hours  -  Unauthorized  take - out/transfer of  Company  property  P ay cut - dismissal  Violation  of  obligation of  integrity  -  Destruction of C ompany  property  C ensure ship -  dismissal  Violation of accounting  rules  Infri n ge m ent of  intellectual property rights  -  Disclosure  or  private use  of  employee invention -  related matters  -  Unauthorized lease  or  private use of  Company  intellectual property rights ,  such as  trademark/patent rights  P ay cut - dismissal  Violation  of  obligation of  integrity  Improper  budget  execution  -  Improper  use of budget outside designated  purpose  -  Waste of budget  -  Liquidating  corporate cards/gift certificates  C ensure ship -  dismissal  Violation of accounting  rules  Disclosure, etc. ,  of  confidential  information  -  Disclose of inside information (e.g. business  plan/management  information ) within/without the  Company  -  Unauthorized provision of  information  to outside  institutions like press media  -  Violation of security regulations in handling business  materials  P ay  cut - di smissal  Failure to keep  inside  information  safe  -  Proliferating  groundless rumor s  within/ outside  the Company  C ensure ship -  dismissal  Violation of  obligation  t o  respect order within the  Compa ny  D istortion of managment  information  -  Submitting  false  report  C ensure ship - service  s uspension  Illegal/ unjustifiable act  in business o p e ration  -  Manipulation of management results  (e.g.  Report ing  false figure s  in sales)  C ensure ship -  dismissal  Illegal/ unjustifiable act  in business o p e ration  -  Engaging in an act not conducive to  the Company to  enhance  i ndividual/department result s  C ensure ship -  dismissal  Violation  of  obligation of  integrity  Improper  acqusition of  shares  -  Using inside r  information  for  investment in  KT  shares; prov i s ion of  such  information  to  outsiders  -  Holding  the Company  shares related to  one ’ s duties  P ay cut -  dismissal  Violation  of  obligation of  integrity  C oncurrent  employment/position  -  Maintaining a status of another business’s  director/employee  while serving for the Company  -  Working for another business without  Company  approval  C ensure ship -  dismissal  Vi o lation of  prohibition  against dual office  holding

Political i nvolvement  -  Provision of support for a specified party  and  candidate  acting under the guise of  the  Company  position  -  Provision of  Company  facility/work ers  to  specific politicians, etc.  C ensure ship -  dismissal  Violation of  obligations  for  maintaining dignity; an act  doing damage to the  Company ’ s image  Disclosure of  whistleblower  identity  &  enforcing  penalty/ punishment  -  Effort to  identify  whistleblower s  -  Disclosing their identities  -  Enforcing  penalty/ punishment  C ensure ship -  dismissal  Violation  of  obligation of  integrity  3 -  1.  Embezzlement  & M isappropriation of  C ompany  M oney  [ Prohibited  Acts ]  〇  An act of e mbezzling  Company  money (e.g. revenue) or  exercising temporary, personal use of  such  〇  An act of u sing  Company corporate card or marketable securities (e.g. gift certificates) for private purposes  [ Conduct  G uidelines ]  〇  To n ot use  Company  money (e.g. revenue) for  private  purpose s , regardless of the amount or reason .  〇  To manage  Company  money (e.g. revenue), using  a  bankbook registered in the Company ’ s name  〇  To  immediately  enter revenue into the ledger  and th oroughly maintain  record of  expenditure s  〇  To not  falsely request  for  the Company  budget for private purpose s  〇  To not  be involved in the laundering of money earned through  unlawful  activit y  〇  To not  purchase goods and services for private purpose s , using Company corporate card or  the Company -  owned  marketable securities (e.g. gift certificates)  ※  The following rules shall apply to  directors/employees  found to have  embezzle d or  misappropriat ed  Company  money:  -  Such a ct s  shall be regarded as an act intended to do harm to the Company and punished with the  utmost of  severity within the scope of  available measures ;  -  The Company shall consider  report ing  the act to law enforcement authorities for punishment in  consideration  of the amount involved and the level of loss incurred by  the Company ; and/or  -  Reduction of  punishment shall  not apply .  3 -  2.  P rivate  U se  & D estruction of  Compan y  P roperty  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  An act  of  u sing  Company  goods (or services ),  fixed assets,  vehicles, office furniture ,  or consumables for  private purpose s and  unauthorizedly  removing them from  Company  grounds  〇  An act  of  e ngaging in private business  operations  during work hours  〇  An act  of  t ransfer ring  or leas ing  Company  property to a party other than the Company without justified  procedure

〇  A w illful  act of  destruction of  Company  property  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To use  Company property  solely  for a purpose related to  Company  business , keeping in mind that  private  use of  Company  property is similar to  embezzlement .  〇  To clarify the usage and required quantities of articles used for PR (sales promotion) to be purchased  and  to  ensure that no such articles are used for private purpose s  〇  To submit a rticles  freely  acquired as  part of  a custom of transactions to the  Clean - 365  Center  〇  To n ot use  Company  PC s to access websites  unrelated  to Company business  -  To n ot engage in  acts unrelated  to Company business , such as  chatting, stock transactions, gambling, or  distribution of illegal films .  〇  To use w ork hours entirely for  the  Company  and to  n ot use work hours for private purpose s,  such as  for  hobb ies  or religious activities  -  To obtain department manager approval  first when necessary to use part of work hours for private purpose s.  〇  To strictly abide by  relevant procedure when necessary to transfer or lease  Company property  to  a third party  〇  To use  Company property  with care  3 -  3.  Encroach ment  on  I ntellectual  P roperty  R ights  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  An act of d isclosing the result of an invention related to Company business to  a third party  or using it for  private purpose s  〇  An act of u sing  Company  intellectual property rights  for private purpose s  or transferring the relevant right  to a third party unauthorizedly  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To  immediately report  the result of an invention related to Company business to the  director of the affiliated  organization  -  To ask whether the invention is  an  employee invention ,  or not of the department in charge of  intellectual  property rights ,  and  abide by it’s the consequent  decision .  〇  To n ot use  Company  intellectual property rights ,  such as patent ,  trademark , and/or  copy right s,  for private  purpose s,  or  no t  transfer them to a third party unauthorizedly  -  To strictly abide by  relevant procedure when necessary to transfer or lease  Company  intellectual  property  rights  to  a third party  3 -  4.  Improper  B udget  Execution  [ Prohibited Acts ]

〇  An act of e xecution of  budget in a way different from the originally - stated purpose without  abiding by proper  procedure  〇  A n act of a ccounting  processed  in a way different from the way budget is  actually  executed  〇  An act of n on - regular revenue not entered as revenue according to  proper  procedure  〇  An act of s pending budget in unnecessary items  or  over - spending of budget  〇  An act of liquidating corporate cards/marketable securities (e.g. gift certificates)  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To spend budget  according to  the originally stated  purpose  and  follow relevant guidelines where  budget  diversion  is inevitable  〇  To enter donation as an item for  charity  and  to  not such for dishonest  purpose s  〇  To enter non - regular revenues occurring  through the sale of office furniture ,  or compensation for loss as  revenue ,  according to  Company - set criteria  and  procedure  〇  To strive to execute budget reasonably and efficiently  3 -  5.  Disclosure,  E tc. ,  of  C onfidential  I nformation  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  An  act of d isclos ing  C ompany  confidential  information ,  such as business plan s ,  management information ,  etc.  〇  An act of d isclos ing  materials with content that may do harm to  the Company  or tarnish its image  〇  An act of v iolation of security - related  regulations in material management  〇  An act of p roliferating  groundless rumor s ,  either in or out of the Company  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To n ot disclose verbal, written ,  or electronic materials, etc. ,  related to  the Company  and  its business to  a  third party , even if there are no separate markings made, bearing in mind that they are  of confidential nature  ( Unauthorized disclosure of  such information,  such as corporate strategy, business plan s ,  management  information , sales strategy, etc. ,  to  a third party  sha ll be regarded  to be of malicious intent toward  the Company .)  〇  To use C ompany  confidential  information  solely  for approved  purpose s ,  and  not for private  purpose s  〇  To have materials used in Company relations to government institutions or research  societies approved by  the department manager in advance  〇  To always  consult with the PR department  in advance when there is a request for an interview from  the  press ,  rather than trying to respond on an individual or departmental basis  〇  To continue not t o disclose  Company - related  information  to a third part y  or use it for private purpose s  even  following discharge from the Company

〇  To manage ,  or share with others ,  the result of meetings  within the necessary scope of  Company business  and  not to discuss any  Company - related business ,  including meeting results with  a third party  〇  To manage all materials in compliance with Company security - related regulations  〇  To n ot p ost  Company - related materials on social media or  the  Internet  〇  To n ot  pr oliferate  groundless rumors, keeping in mind that they may tarnish the Company ’ s image or do  harm to its  organizational atmosphere  3 -  6.  Distortion of  M anagement  I nformation  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  An act of m anipulat ion of  management  results  and submitting  false  report s  on  the said  management  results  to management  or  relevant parties  ( departments )  〇  An act of d istort ion of  information  to mislead  Company  decisions or do harm to the Company otherwise  〇  An act of d estroy ing  or hid ing  Company  major materials  ( i ncluding electronic  information )  unauthorizedly  〇  An act of  e ngag ing  in acts essentially not conducive to  the Company  so as  to  promote the appearance of better  results  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To record and  report  all documents and materials ,  including accounting materials ,  accurately and clearly ,  and not  arbitrarily  change their content  〇  To  faithfully and timely  report /share Company decision - related  information  to/with supervisors and the  department  manager  〇  To continue to record and manage all documents  and  materials  ( including electronic  information )  as  stipulated  within  the period designated by  the Company  〇  To regard  distortion of manag e ment information  as an act  of severity inflicting  harm to the Company and  shareholder interests  and  to  report  such an act to  the Office of Ethical Management  3 - 7.  Improper  A cquisition  of  S hares  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  An act of  using insider information for investment in KT shares and provision of such information to a third party  〇  An act of  holding Company shares related to one ’ s duties  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To n ot use insider information  acquired  through one ’ s duties to acquire/sell Company shares related to  insider information  and  not provide such information to  a third party  〇  To not include  a n unrelated  third party  in  transactions of  Company  shares and affiliates , who  us e  insider  information obtained from a person related to Company business .

〇  To n ot allow  directors/employees  of departments likely to hold rights and interests to hold shares of the  businesses in relation to the business of venture development, management of  Company - vested  businesses  and  relevant agreements signed between the Company and them  〇  To have employees  dispose of their shares of the equity of unlisted businesses acquired by them when the  shares  are found to be unrelated  with their duties,  where  there has been a new  relation  of transactions  established  between the Company and them,  indicating  the  establi shment  of duties - related connection  ※  Use of insider  information  in share transactions is punishable  by law  as per Article 174 of  the  Financial  Investment Services and  Capital Markets Act  ( Prohibition on Use of Material Nonpublic Information)  with  maximum  imprisonment  of up  10  (ten)  years or a fine  up  to  KRW  500 million .  3 - 8.  Concurrent  E mployment  & P osition  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  An act of  maintaining a status of another business ’ s director/employee while serving the Company  〇  An act of  working for another business without Company approval  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To n ot work as another business ’ s d irector/employee  -  Prior Company approval must be obtained to do so .  〇  To n ot work for another business without  Company  approval  3 - 9.  Political  Involvement  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  An act of having an individual ’ s political position  under the guise of the  Company  position  〇  An act of p rovi ding  of  Company  organization ,  fund ,  work ers ,  and  facilities, etc., to  specific parties or  politicians  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  Freely express  political views  as that of an individual, not on behalf of the Company  〇  To n ot provide  Company  organization s ,  fund s ,  work ers ,  and  facilities, etc., to specific  political  parties or  politicians  and t o follow designated  procedure when leasing facilities for non - political purpose s  3 - 10.  Disclosure of  I dentity  &  Enforcing  Penalty/ Punishment  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  A n act  designed to  identify  whistleblower s  〇  An act  of  d isclosing their identities  against their wishes  〇  An act  of  e nforcing  penalty/ punishment

[ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To n ot engage in any act designed to  identify  whistleblowers  〇  To n ot disclose their identities against their wishes  〇  To n ot engage in any  act designed to  enforce  penalty/ punishment toward them,  concerning their  whistleblowing and /or  cooperation with investigators

Chapter  4  Relations among  D irectors/ E mployees  Category  Prohibited Acts  Degree of Punishment  Remarks  Receipt & p rovision  of  money/valuables  among  directors/employees  -  S uperior s asking their  employees  for money/valuables  -  Offering  money / valuables  for favors in personnel  matters  -  Coercing  for  receipt of  money / valuables  -  Provision of  allowance  to those taking business trip s  or  transferred elsewhere  P ay cut - dismissal  Violation  of  obligation  of integrity  -  Having inferiors do something not related to the  Company business  -  Having inferiors provide guarantee, etc. for a  private matter  C ensure ship - dismissal  Abuse of authority  Unlawful instruction  & implementation by  s uperior s  -  Giving instruction running afoul of the law or  Company regulations/guidelines  -  Following  such  instruction  whilst aware  illegality  C ensure ship - dismissal  An illegal/unfair act in  business operation  Provision of  flowers/money on  congratulatory/condo  latory  occasions  -  Providing flowers for those  promoted / transferred  -  Providing  congratulatory/condolence money  that goes beyond  customarily acceptable level  among  directors/employees  pay cut - dismissal  Violation  of  obligation  of integrity  S exual harassment  -  An act causing sexual  humiliation /shame  ( includes surrounding witnesses )  C ensure ship - dismissal  Prohibition of  sexual  harassment  Acts of d isturb ance of  organization al order  -  Verbal/physical violence  -  An act encouraging speculation  like gambling  -  Improper  money transactions  -  Partaking  in un sound  private groups  -  Conducting w illful workplace sabotage  C ensure ship - service  suspension  Violation  of  obligation  of respecting  organization al order  -  Conducting w illful spreading of groundless  rumors  or  slandering others  C ensure ship - dismissal  Violation  of  obligation  of respecting  organization al order  Improper golf get -  togethers  among  directors/employees  -  Having superiors / subordinate organizations  arrange a golf get - together  for  private  entertainment  -  Arranging such a get - together for  superior s / those from  higher organizations  -  Spending  Company money  for golf get - togethers  among employees  P ay cut - dismissal  Violation  of  obligation  of integrity  -  Other types of  improper golf  get - together s  among  directors/employees  C ensure ship - dismissal  Violation  of  obligation  of integrity

4 -  1.  Receipt &  Provision of  Mone y/Valuables  among  D irectors/ E mployees  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  An act involving superiors asking their employees for money/valuables  〇  An act of  offering money/valuables for favors in personnel matters  〇  An act of coercing for receipt of money/valuables among  directors/employees  〇  An act of  offering money/valuables for favors in appraisals and checks  〇  An act involving s uperior s  providing gift s  to their  employees  taking business trip s  out of the country or  transferred elsewhere  〇  An act involving s uperior s h aving their employees do something not related to Company business  〇  An act involving s uperior s h aving inferiors provide a guarantee, etc., for a private matter, such as getting a loan  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To  report  superior s asking for  money/valuables  to  the Office of Ethical Management  〇  Not to offer any personal gifts to superiors for  favor  in personnel affairs , such as  promotion or setting annual  salary level  〇  To refuse  money/valuables  offered privately by an  employee  and explain  Company  ethical management  in  detail  〇  To submit things that have been provided to you against your wishes to the  Clean - 365  Center within 3 ( three)  business days  where  it is difficult to return them  〇  To n ot offer  money/valuables ,  provide convenience in transportation ,  lodging ,  or entertainment ,  or gift s  to  an employee taking a business trip  〇  To n ot to provide  money/valuables  whatsoever to a  superior taking a business trip out of the country or  transferred elsewhere  -  Where  this  is the  case ,  a gift offered on a customarily  acceptable  level may be regarded as an exception .  〇  To n ot to have an inferior do something privately or provide  daily  tra nsportation  to and from work  〇  To n ot provide  a  guarantee concerning a  private  loan among  directors/employees  -  Where this is the  case ,  providing  a  guarantee among  directors/employees  on one occasion ,  concerning a  housing loan from the in - house welfare fund ,  is regarded as an exception .  4 -  2.  Unlawful  Instruction & Implementation by  Superiors  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  Giving  instructions running afoul of  the law or Company regulations/guidelines  〇  F ollowing such instruction whilst aware of their partiality or illegality

[ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To  refuse  to follow  superior s ’  unfair instruction  and  to  report  such a case ,  including your being subject to  enforced  penalty/ punishment,  to  the Office of Ethical  Management  4 -  3.  Provision of Flowers/Money on Congratulatory/Condolatory Occasions  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  An act  of  p r ovid ing  flowers (including flower pots) to a  director/employee  on his/her inauguration,  promotion ,  or transfer elsewhere  〇  An act  of  p rovid ing  an amount of  congratulatory/condolence money  exceeding a customarily acceptable level  to another  director/employee  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To n ot provide another  director/employee  with  congratulatory flowers , keeping in mind that such is similar  to  offering money/valuables  and  to submit such flowers received against your wishes to the  Clean - 365  Center  〇  M oney  may be paid to a  director/employee  on a  congratulatory/condol atory occasion  based on mutual aid  where  the amount is within  a customarily accept able level  4 -  4.  S exual  H ar assment  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  An act  of  e ngag ing  in  something  that may have another person feel sexually humiliated, disgusted ,  or  intimidated  〇  An act  of  g iv ing  a sexually intimate look  or to engage in an  obscene joke or physical  contact  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To n ot engage in an act that may have another person feel sexually humiliated, disgusted ,  or  intimidated  and  not  g ive a sexually intimate look  or to engage in an obscene joke or physical contact  〇  To n ot have a person of the  opposite  sex serve drink s  or dance against their wishes  during a company outing  〇  To n ot make a sexually - related comment about a colleague of the opposite sex  〇  To refrain from  unnecessary  physical contact with people of the opposit e sex  and  not to make a comment  intended to stress  customarily fixed  gender  roles  ( i.e.  “ as you are a woman …”  or  “ because I am a man …”  etc. )  〇  To respect the view of a person of the opposite sex  rejecting your  sexual  advances  4 -  5.  Acts of  Disturbance of Organizational Order  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  An act of e ngaging  in (intimidation of) v erbal/physical violence among colleagues  〇  An act of e ngaging  in  the  encouraging speculation, such as gambling to do harm to the overall organizational atmosphere

〇  An act  of e ngaging  in i mproper  money transactions  that may cause conflict among  directors/employees  〇  An act involving the partaking  in unhealthy private groups that go beyond the building of friendship among employees  〇  An act of p roliferating  groundless  rumors related to  the Company  and  directors/employees  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To respect others, regarding them  all  as  precious  human beings  〇  To foster an atmosphere in which  directors/employees  respect each other ’ s way of life and cooperate with  each  other  〇  To n ot engage in animosity or confrontation against colleagues  and  in  behavior  that may do harm to  a sound  organizational  atmosphere  〇  To n ot engage in gambling that may do harm to  positive  work  relationships  〇  To n ot engage in money transactions t hat may cause conflict among  directors/employees  〇  To n ot take part in private gatherings within  the Company  that may  lead to  the  formation of factions, sense  of disharmony ,  or the pursuit of private interests  〇  To  n ot  proliferate  groundless rumors  related to  the Company  and  directors/employees  o n/ o ff - l ine , keeping  in mind that they may be viewed as an act doing harm to the Company  4 - 6.  Improper Golf Get-togethers among Directors/Employees  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  An act of  having superiors, or those from subordinate organizations, arrange a golf get-together for private entertainment  〇  An act of a sking  employees  to arrange a golf get - together  for personal  entertain ment  〇  An act of  arranging such a get-together for superiors and those from higher organizations  〇  An act of u sing  Company  golf membership  for a get - together  among colleagues  〇  An act of  spending Company money for golf get-togethers among employees that have nothing to do with marketing activities or official Company events  [ Conduct  Guidelines ]  〇  To n ot have  subordinate organizations arrange a golf get-together for private entertainment  〇  To n ot use  the Company  golf membership  or spend  Company  money for a golf get - together among colleagues  -  Where this is the  case ,  a golf get - together among colleagues arranged in relation to an official event of the  Company is  accept ed as an exception, if it obtains approval from the department manager (or division head) in  adva n ce  〇  To n ot engage in an  inad equate  golf get-together among colleagues

-  The following shall be regarded as receipt of inadequate money/valuables or embezzlement of Company money:  asking a colleague to pay the expense for the get - together ;  engaging in  i mproper  golf betting ;  and  using  Company  money for such a  get - together  without obtaining prior approval .

Chapter  5  R elations with  S takeholder s  ( Here, a  “ stakeholder ”  includes  a public official, etc. ,  and his/her spouse  as  stipulated in  the  Improper  Solicitation and Graft Act .)  Category  Prohibited Acts  Degree  of  Punishment  Remarks  Receipt & Provision  of m oney/valuables  from/to  stakeholder s  -  M oney/valuables  provided  regardless of what is  expected in return  -  Asking  a  stakeholder  to provide  money/valuables  directly /indirectly  -  To n ot to return or  report  money/valuables  received  -  Making a point of informing  a  stakeholder  of your  c ongratulatory/condolatory occasion, expecting them to  provide  congratulatory/condolence money  or  flowers  that  exceed  customarily acceptable level  - Providing (a promise for)  money/valuables  to  inadequate request  and  money/valuables  to  a public  official, etc.  or his/her spouse  as  stipulated in the  I mproper  Solicitation and Graft Act  P ay cut - dismissal  Violation  of  obligation  of integrity  -  Providing entertainment at a  decadent  entertainment  establishment that is socially criticized  Violation  of  obligation  of integrity ; v iolation of  obligation  for  maintaining dignity  Solicitation &  unlawful demands  to  stakeholder s  -  Asking  a public official, etc.  as  stipulated in  the  I mproper  Solicitation and Graft Act  to process a case  directly/indirectly in violation of the law  -  Making a point of informing  a  stakeholder  of a special  event of the Company  ( e. g. a staff night out or an  athletic meet )  to have them pay the expense  -  Asking them  for asset lease  or  to provide guarantee for  private  loan  P ay cut - dismissal  Violation  of  obligation  of integrity  ■  –  Making an additional request beyond what is stated in  an agreement  C ensure ship -  dismissal  Abuse of authority  Private  monetary  transaction s  &  appl ication of  unlawful  coercement  -  Borrowing money from or lending money to  a  stakeholder  -  Asking a  stakeholder  for asset lease or provision of  collateral  -  Having a  stakeholder  lease your real estate or  provid ing  collateral  (physical and personal)  to them  concerning a project carried out by the Company  -  Purchasing a  stakeholder ’ s property for a price  notice ably lower than market price  -  Asking a  stakeholder  to repay deb t  as a proxy  P ay cut - dismissal  Violation  of  obligation  of integrity  -  Coercing  a  stakeholder ,  unjustifiably , using  a job  position  as leverage  P ay cut - dismissal  Violation  of  obligation  of integrity  Signing an  unlawful  agreement  &  provision  of  Company  assets  -  Giving the counterparty of an agreement  special favor ,  or  putting at a  disadvantage ,  without justi fi able  cause  - Signing an agreement for a price not found in the  market  C ensure ship -  dismissal  Violation of accounting  rules

-  Unauthorized provision of  the Company - owned  facil ities, articl es ,  or goods  -  Provision of special favor  ( such as precious insider  information )  to a specific  stakeholder  -  Manipulating sales results in collusion with  distributo rs  C ensure ship -  dismissal  An illegal/unfair act in  business operation  Improper  golf  get - together s  -  Having a  stakeholder  to pay the expense for a golf get -  together, to arrange booking ,  or asking  to use  his/her  golf membership  -  Paying  the expense for a golf get - together, etc. ,  for a  public official or his/her spouse  as  stipulated in  the  I mproper  Solicitation and Graft Act  - Engaging in a golf get - together  with a  stakeholder  without obtaining prior approval  P ay cut - dismissal  Violation  of  obligation  of integrity  Negl igence of  obligation  to respect  shareholder s  -  Using impolite language to a  stakeholder  -  Making a  stakeholder  feel sexually  humiliated /ashamed  C ensure ship -  dismissal  V iolation of  obligation  for maintaining dignity ;  an act tarnishing  Company  prestige ;  sexual har assment  5 -  1.  Receipt & Provision o f  Money/Valuable  from/to Stakeholders  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  An act of r eceiving (a promise for)  money/valuables  provided  by a stakeholder  〇  An act of  asking a stakeholder to provide money/valuables directly/indirectly  〇  An act of  not return or report money/valuables received  〇  An act of  making a point of informing a stakeholder of your congratulatory/condolatory occasion, expecting them to provide congratulatory/condolence money or flowers that exceeds a customarily acceptable level  〇  An act of r eceiving flowers (including flower pots)  for  an  inauguration, promotion ,  or transfer elsewhere  〇  An act of providing (a promise for) money/valuables to a public official, etc. or his/her spouse as stipulated in the Improper Solicitation and Graft Act  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To n ot receive  money/valuables  provided  to you, your family, relative s,  or  acquaintance s,  regardless of the  amount or what is expected in return  -  The foregoing shall not apply to  money/valuables ,  or a souvenir ,  distributed uniformly to unspecified people  at an  official  event hosted by a customer.  〇  To explain  Company  ethical management  guidelines and  politely  refuse offer s  for  money/valuables  〇  To submit things that have been provided to you against your wishes  to the  Clean - 365  Center within 3 (three)  business days  where  it is difficult to return  〇  To provide a  meal to a stakeholder at a customarily acceptable level  that is  recognized as an exception if

necessary  for smoother  business  relations ,  unless such a meal  is conducted regularly  〇  To n ot provide convenience in transportation or lodging to an employee on holiday or a  business  trip .  However, a case stated in the following shall be accepted as an exception if approved by the CEO in advance,  where the case is not directly related to Company business and is needed at an overall management level  -  A director/employee taking part in a national event  ( e.g. the Olympics ,  the World Cup ,  Expo, etc. )  or a seminar  or exhibition .  〇  To n ot make a point o f informing  stakeholder s  of  congratulatory/condolatory occasion s and  not receive  congratulatory/condolence money  provided at such an occasion s  if the amount  exceeds  a customarily acceptable  level  〇  To explain  Company  ethical management  guidelines and refuse politely to accept an offer for congratulatory  flowers and submit things that have been provided to you against your wishes to the  Clean - 365  Center within 3  (three) business days  〇  To  n ot provide  money/valuables  to  a public  official,  etc . ,  or his/her spouse  as  stipulated in  the I mproper  Solicitation and Graft Act  -  Where this is the  case, a meal,  a  gift ,  or  congratulatory/condolence money provided at a customarily  acceptable level  without something expected in return and for smoother business relationship or  friendship  shall be recognized as an exception, even if it falls under the  category  of  “ exceptions ”  as  stipulated in  the  Improper  Solicitation and Graft Act  〇  To n ot  provide/receive entertainment at a  decadent  entertainment  establishment  (e.g.  “ room saloon ” )  that is  socially  frowned upon  5 -  2.  Solicitation & Unlawful Demands to  Stakeholder s  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  An act of  asking a public official, etc., as stipulated in the Improper Solicitation and Graft Act to process a case directly/indirectly in violation of the law  〇  A n act of a sking a  stakeholder  to pay the expense for an occasion , such as  entertainment or a  company  outing  〇  An act of a sking a  stakeholder  for asset lease or  to provide a guarantee for a private loan  〇  An act of  making an additional request beyond what is stated in an agreement  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To n ot to make an  directly/indirectly  i mproper  request  to a public official  as  stipulated in  the I mproper  Solicitation and Graft Act  〇  To n ot make a point of informing  stakeholder s  of  a company outing , expecting them to  cover  expense s ,  keeping in mind that such an act will be regarded as receipt of money/valuables  〇  To n ot ask a stakeholder to  appear  at a spe cial event held on a departmental level or club meeting ,  unless  having obtained  prior approval of the  director of the affiliated organization,  concerning the need to have such a  person appear at the event  -  Having a stakeholder provide transportation,  space ,  or services for your special event shall be regarded as  receiving entertainment , while m aking a point of informing  stakeholder s  of a special event shall be regarded as

an intention to receive unauthorized support .  〇  To n ot ask a  stakeholder  for asse t lease or  to provide guarantee for your private loan  〇  To n ot m ake an additional request beyond what is stated in an agreement  〇  To n ot waste  a  stakeholder ’ s resource  verbally , etc.  〇  To n ot ask a  stakeholder  to  cease  transactions with specific businesses without justifiable  cause  5 -  3.  Private Monetary Transactions & Application of Unlawful Acts of Coercion  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  An act of b orrowing money from  and  lending money to a  stakeholder  〇  An act of a sk ing  a  stakeholder  for asset lease or t o provide collateral  〇  An act of  having a stakeholder lease your real estate or providing collateral (physical and/or personal) to him/her, concerning a project conducted by the Company  -  Examples of personal collateral :  G uarantor for the opening of an agency; a joint surety for surety insurance ,  etc.  〇  An act of  p urchasing a stakeholder’s  asset for a price noticeably lower than market price  〇  An act of  asking a stakeholder to repay your debt on your behalf  〇  An act of  c oercing  a stakeholder unjustifiably, using a job position  as leverage  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To n ot engage in private money transactions with a  stakeholder , keeping in mind that  business  impartiality  may be lost  〇  To n ot ask a  stakeholder  t o provide  collateral , while  s uch shall be regarded as receipt of  money/valuables  〇  To not have a stakeholder lease your real estate, and/or not to provide collateral to him/her concerning a project conducted by the Company,  keeping in mind that  business  impartiality  may be lost  〇  To n ot  purchase  or lease tangible/intangible asset s  from a  stakeholder  at a price noticeably lower than  market price, looking for private interest .  Where such is the  case, the difference between the  prices  you paid and  market price shall be regarded as receipt of  money/valuables  〇  To n ot ask a stakeholder to pay what  is  owe in a  personal  transaction  or loan ,  keeping in mind that such an  act shall be regarded as receipt of  money/valuables  〇  To n ot ask a stak eholder for a private special favor , such as finding  a job  following discharge from the  Company  5 - 4.  Signing of Unlawful Agreement & Provision of Company Assets  [ Prohibited Acts ]

〇  An act of r ewarding  of special favors to the counterparty of an agreement, or putting at a disadvantage, without justifiable cause; signing a double contract, etc.  〇  An act of p urchasing an item at a price higher than market price or making a service contract in such a way,  neglecting basic procedures to be followed in  a contract  〇  An act of  unauthorized provision of Company workers, equipment, services, or information to another business without obtaining prior approval from management  〇  An act of r ewarding  of special favors (e.g. precious inside information) to a specific stakeholder  〇  An act of  manipulating sales results in collusion with distributors to receive support money from the Company based on the results  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To always  observe  Company  guidelines when signing a  purchase  agreement, etc.  〇  To include  “ special  provisions  for  practicing  ethical principles ”  in agreements signed with a stakeholder to  observe fair trade  practices  〇  To n ot  unauthorized  reward  special favors (including  the  provision of  Company  assets) to another business  regardless  of what is expected in return , while s uch an act shall be regarded as  private use of  Company  assets  〇  To obtain the department manager approval first if provision of such to another business working with the  Company  is required  5 -  5.  I mproper  Golf G et - togethers  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  An act of e ngaging in  improper  golf betting with a stakeholder  and/or  h aving a stakeholder pay golf get -  together  expenses  〇  An act of a sking a  stakeholder  to arrange  golf  booking or to use his/her golf membership  〇  An act  of p aying the expense for a golf get - together  or providing  the Company  golf membership  for  a public  official, etc. ,  or his/her spouse  as  stipulated in  the I mproper  Solicitation and Graft Act  〇  An act of e ngaging in a golf get - together  with a  stakeholder  without obtaining prior approval of management  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To n ot engage in  inadequate  golf betting with a stakeholder  and  not engage in an act of receiving favor  concerning golf - related expense s,  including h aving a stakeholder to pay golf get - together  expenses ,  keeping in  mind that such an act shall be regarded as receipt of  money/valuables  〇  To n ot pay golf - related expense s  for, or to provide  Company  golf membership  to  a public official, etc., or his/her spouse as stipulated in the Improper Solicitation and Graft Act  -  Spending Company money through the use of a corporate card ,  as well as  a similar  pay ment  or provision with  a  director ’ s/employee ’ s  own money is prohibited .  〇  Where this is the  case,  the Company  golf membership  may be provided ,  or  the Company money may be spent  for a golf get - together and it does not run afoul of  the  Improper Solicitation and Graft  Act : where written

approval is obtained in advance from a relevant director , such as  the  head of a  division ,  a  corps ,  or  an  office ,  and  such is required as part of  Company  management activities , such as  marketing or a special event of the Company  5 - 6.  Negl igence  of  O bligation  to  R espect  S hareholder s  Involved  in  Construction,  Supply,  Customer Service, Etc.  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  An act  of  u sing impolite language to a stakeholder  〇  An act  of  t aking a  disrespectful  attitude to a  stakeholder  〇  An act  of  m aking a stakeholder feel sexually humiliated/ashamed  by making an impolite remark about  his/her appearance, using obscene language, making physical contact, etc.  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To take a polite attitude when doing business with a  stakeholder  〇  To view a  stakeholder  on equal footing and in a respectful way  〇  To n ot  make an impolite remark about a stakeholder ’ s appearance, use obscene language ,  or make a physical  contact, etc. ,  that may make him/her feel  sexually humiliated/ashamed  while c onducting  business with him/h er ,  or at an occasion , such as  a meal intended to  promote closer relations  5 - 7.  Negl igence of R esponsibilit y  for  C ountry  &  L ocal  C ommunit ies  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  An act that may do harm to the national economy or run afoul of the  sound  social order  〇  An act that may go against  the  conservation of nature or cause environmental pollution  〇  An act that may do harm to  established social morals and good customs  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To strive to enhance  Company  market value and provide  profit to shareholde rs on a long - term basis  〇  To strive to listen to the opinions of locals when c onducting  project s  related to local communit ies  〇  To observe environment - related laws and c onduct  business  activities in a way conducive to environmental  protection  -  To place priority on environmentally - friendly products when purchasing  goods ; and/or  -  To take part in environmentally - friendly activities positively ,  including  separate  garbage  collection and  resource recycling .  〇  To take part in  the effort for  resource  conservation  and energy saving made on the national level  〇  To  maintain  established social morals and good customs  and respect the culture and tradition of local  communities

5 - 8.  Safety  & H ealth  [ Prohibited Acts ]  〇  An act  of  running afoul of relevant regulations  that may result in casualties  [ Conduct Guidelines ]  〇  To observe relevant laws and regulations, strive to prevent safety mishaps, and c onduct  regular  safety checks  to prevent  industrial  disasters  〇  To observe criteria f or industrial disaster prevention and follow  the  safety/health manager ’ s instruction

Chapter  6  Whistleblowing  on U nethical  C onduct  & Compensation  6 -  1.  Fundamental  D irection  A .  Operation of the system of whistleblowing unethical acts, where all  directors/employees  and  external  stakeholder s  take part  〇  Receiving  whistleblowing  on  unethical  acts perpetrated by the Company ’ s  directors/employees  and  relevant  external stakeholder s  〇  The anonymity of w histleblower identities shall be  maintained . The  Company ’ s investigation can be started  based on even  anonymous whistleblowing  if the circumstances are clear and it is feared that the  Company has  incurred  serious loss .  B .  The Company shall  reward compensation  if  whistleblowing  leads to a noticeable incre ase in  Company  earning s  or  a decrease in loss incurred by the Company.  C .  The Company may reduce punishment of an employee/director who  whistleblow s  his/her unethical act  voluntarily .  6 -  2.  Relevant  Matters  & Procedure of  W histleblow ing  A.  Matters to be  whistleblown  〇  D irectors ’ /employees ’  unethical /undignified acts related to their duties and their acts socially criticized and  doing harm to  the Company  image  〇  Proliferating  groundless rumors , thereby doing harm to  the Company  image or tarnishing the ho nor of  specific  directors/employees  or impairing the overall organizational image of the Company  〇  An u nreasonable case of management causing loss to  the Company ; employees ’  sabotage  〇  An act of wasting the Company ’ s money through distortion of management  information  and  inadequate  budge execution  〇  Receiving bribe/ money/valuables , conducting  acts of  embezzlement ,  breach ing  of trust ,  or earning  unjustifiable profit related to their duties  〇  Dishonest acts related  to promotion/hiring/transfer elsewhere  〇  Disclosure of corporate secrets  and  customer - related  information  〇  Violation of internal accounting regulations through  forgery / manipulation  of accounting  information  〇  Unethical acts pe rpetrated by relevant  external stakeholder s  〇  Other acts running afoul of  the Company ’ s  ethical management  principles  B.  Means of Reporting  〇  Website:  ethics.kt.com  〇  E mail : ethics@kt.com

〇  ☎ : 080 - 713 - 6262  〇  Postal mail :  KT  O ffice of Ethical Management  33 Jong - ro 3 - gil, Jongno - gu, Seoul  03155  Korea  ※  Upon receiving such  reports ,  manager s  shall  immediately  communicate it to  the Office of Ethical  Management .  C .  Whistleblower s  〇  All  whistleblowing  shall be submitted, using the  whistleblower ’ s real name. The Company guarantees that  the name shall remain  confidential .  -  The Company may reduce punishment of an employee/director  as much as possible  if he/she  reports  his/her  unethical act  voluntarily .  〇  Whistleblowing  may be submitted, using an anonym, but shall be based on facts. The Company shall not  receive  such reports estimated to  be false or intended only to do harm to innocent p arties .  6 -  3.  Payment of Compensation to W histleblower s  A.  Matters to be rewarded  〇  The Company shall reward  whistleblowing  whose content  is factual, while s uch  whistleblowing  shall be  made within  1 ( one )  year of the relevant act and be one that has brought about an increase in profit earned by  the Company  or a decrease in loss incurred  by the Company  B.  Criteria for payment of reward  〇  Reward paid : U p to  KRW  5 0 million a case  〇  Where two or more factors apply to the reason for reward payment, the Company will reward, selecting one  with the largest amount  〇  Consideration of reward wil l be stopped if the content of  whistleblowing  is found to be untrue during  the  course of investigation.  C .  Reward calculation  ①  Whistleblowing  of a  director ’ s/employee ’ s  receip t of  money/valuables :  F ive times the amount involved  ②  Whistleblowing  that has brought about an increase in profit earned by  the Company  or a decrease in loss  incurred by the Company  Amount of  Profit I ncrease or  Loss  D ecrease  Compensation  A mount  Less than  KRW  one hundred million  5%  KRW o ne hundred million  -  Five  hundred million  KRW f ive million  + 3%  of the  portion  exceeding  KRW  one  hundred million  KRW f ive hundred million  –  One billion  KRW s eventeen million  +  2 %  of the  portion  exceeding  KRW  five  hundred million

More than  KRW  one billion  KRW t wenty - seven million  +  1 %  of the  portion exceeding  KRW  one  b illion  -  A case  with a  one - time effect :  Based on the entire amount involved  -  A case with a long - term effect :  Based on an amount occurring in one year  D .  Final decision on reward to be made by :  Chief of  the Office of Ethical Management  E .  Cases where reward is not paid  〇  A case of  whistleblowing  whose content  is found to be untrue  or where it is difficult to ascertain the content  due to the lack of evidence  〇  A case previously  whistleblow n  and th us investigation is underway  or  has been completed by t he Office of  Ethical Management  or  an outside institution  〇  A case already disclosed through a press  report  or the like  〇  A case  whistleblow n  anonymously by a  third party  〇  A case  whistleblow n  by an employee of  the Office of Ethical Management  〇  A case whose reward  payment  is judged to be not proper as a result of relevant deliberation  6 - 4.  Protection of  & Compensation Procedure for W histleblower s  A.  Those to be protected  〇  External/internal  whistleblower s; voluntary  whistleblower s  ※  Protection will not be provided for those whose  unethical act s have been spotted by the Company before their  voluntary  whistleblowing .  B.  Confidentiality  〇  Identity protection  -  Whistleblower  identities will remain  un disclosed without their prior consent.  -  T he Company  shall  not allow employees/departments  stated in whistleblowing  cases  as suspects  to identify  the  whistleblower s.  ( Those making such an attempt  shall  be punished. )  -  Keeping rele vant evidence  or  information  safe  -  Employees/departments , etc. ,  included in such  whistleblowing ,  as suspects  -  Whistleblower s  shall  suffer no  penalty/punishment  whatsoever in promotion or transfer to another  department, etc.  -  Where a  whistleblower  asks to be transferred to another department, the head of the department shall  consider it on a priority basis  -  Where a  whistleblower  fears that he/she may suffer  penalty/punishment , he/she may ask  the Office of Ethical  Management  to take a protective step.  -  Where  such  is the  case, the Chief of  the Office of Ethical Management  shall ask the relevant department

manager to take a protective measure for the  whistleblower .  -  Where such a request made by the Chief of t he Office of Ethi cal Management  is not complied with, the relevant  manager shall be punished.  -  Where the identity of a  whistleblower  has been disclosed somehow, the Company shall look into the nature of  the case and those involved in the disclosure shall be punished.  〇  L i mitations of liability  -  As for voluntary  whistleblower s, the  Company  may reduce their  responsibilities  in consideration of the  seriousness of their  unethical act , their attitude in working for the Company, and how apologetic they feel, etc.  -  The Company will consider extenuating circumstances  for voluntary whistleblowers of their own cases ,  concerning  money/valuables  received by them.  -  Those cooperating positively with the investigation will also be subject to consideration of extenuating  cir cumstances , with the following taken into account:  the seriousness of their  unethical act , their attitude in  working for the Company, and how apologetic they feel, etc.  C .  Reward paid to  whistleblower s  〇  The identity of whistleblowers will remain not discl osed in the course of reward payment. Reward will be  paid to them directly from th e Office of Ethical Management  in a way chosen by them.  6 - 5.  P rocessing  A.  Receipt of  whistleblowing  and  ascertainment of fact  〇  Whistleblowing  division :  Office of Ethical  Management  -  The Company will  verify reported information  within shortest  possible  time.  B.  Report on  cases  of whistleblowing  and  auditing  〇  Report on  whistleblowing  and relevant facts shall be submitted to the Chief of  the Office of Ethical  Management .  〇  Audit will be carried out in consideration of the seriousness of  unethical act  reported in  whistleblowing .  C .  Processing of audit results  〇  Details of measures to be taken following the audit carried out shall follow the internal audit  business  processing  manual.  D .  Closing  〇  A case of whistleblowing shall be closed internally if it is judged that the level of  unethical act  reported in  whistleblowing  is not  severe nature  and there is not much expected from the audit c onducted  as a result of  scrutiny of the  content of the whistleblowing.


</Telecom_Korea_KT Corp_2019.pdf>