This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Telecom_Korea_SK Telecom_2023.pdf>

C ode of  Ethics  July  18,  20 2 3  SK  Telecom Co., Ltd.

『 C ode of Ethics 』  1 .  A ttitude Towards Customers  The  Company  shall  gain  trust  from  its  customers  by  ensuring  consistent  customer satisfaction and ultimately achieve mutual growth.  1.1  E nhancement of Customer Value  The Company shall use its best efforts to  provide  values that go beyond  customer expectations.  1.2  C ustomer - centered Business Management  The Company shall provide customers with accurate information  in a timely  manner  so that  they  can reasonably choose products and services, and  shall keep customer pro mises.  1.3  P rotection of Customer Information  『 C ode of Ethics Preamble 』  Adopting SKMS as the basis of its corporate management, SK Telecom Co.,  Ltd. (the  “Company”) shall play an essential role  in  developing  the  society and  economy  by creating value s  for  the  Company’s  diverse stakeholders including  customers,  employees,  shareholders,  and  business  partners  (“BPs”) .  Furthermore,  the Company shall aim to  practice business management that  contributes  to  the happiness of humanity.  The Company shall endeavor to  achieve  harmony and balance amongst the  stakeholder s and  take into account the happiness of the present and future to  ensure  the  sustainability  of  happiness  for  the  long er  term.  In  addition,  the  Company  shall  respect  the  free  market  econom ic  sy s tem  and  seek  fair  competition in observance of business  ethics  by improving the quality of its  products and services, and thereby securing its competitive edge.  To this end, the C ompany shall enact and practice this Code of Ethics as the  foundation  of  its  d ecision - making,  conduct ,  and  judgmen t  regarding  every  management activity.

The Company shall comply with the laws related to customer information  protection and use its best efforts to protect customer information .  2 .  Basic Ethics  of Employees  The  Employees  shall  be  faithful to their duties and have  enthusiasm based on  the mindset that they  themselves  represent the Company.  2 .1  Promotion of Sound Corporate Culture  The  Employees shall practice mutual respect, treat other colleagues fairly  and reasonably under any cir cumstances, and take the initiative to create  an encouraging environment where  all  E mployees  can  fully tap into their  potential voluntarily and willingly.  2 .2  Fair Execution of Work  The  Employees shall perform their duties in a fair and  transparent manner  by clearly distinguis h ing between  personal  affairs  and  business affairs , and  shall not receive money or other valuables, treats  or  favors, or personal  convenience from the stakeholders in relation to work.  3 .  R esponsibility for the Employees  The Company shall use its best efforts to create an environment where the  Employees  can  perform their duties voluntarily and willingly ,  and enhance their  safety and happiness.  3 .1  H uman - centered Management  3 .1.1  The Company shall respect each Employee’s individuality and treat them  in a fair and reasonable manner  according to their capability and  performance , support the self - development of the Employees, and actively  provide learni ng opportunities necessary for the performance of their duties.  3 .1.2  The Company shall use its best efforts to create an environment where  the Employees are not overwhelmed by their duties and have control over  their work ,  and where they realize their full potential voluntarily and willingly.  3 .2  S afety and  Happiness  of the Employees  3 .2.1  The Company shall establish systems for the safety and  health  of its  Employees and observe relevant international standards, laws, and  internal  regulations.

3 .2.2  The Company shall  use its best efforts  to enable the Employees to  pursue happiness along with their colleagues by realizing  the  spirit of  challenge and creativity based on mutual trust and  self - esteem .  4 .  R esponsibility for Shareholders  The Company shall improve  the  transparency and efficiency of  its  business  management to enhance corporate value s , and thereby,  create shareholder  value.  4.1  E nhancement of Corpor a te Value  The Company shall maximize corporate value through transparent and  efficient business management  driven by continuous inno vation, and shall  share  its  profits with  the  shareholders.  4.2  Protection of Shareholder Rights and Interest  4.2.1  The Company  shall practice  transparent business management centered  around  the Board of Directors and  respect  the reasonable requests and  suggestions  of  the shareholders.  4.2.2  The Company shall prepare disclosure documents including financial  statements  in accordance with  the  relevant laws, regulations ,  and accounting  standards, and disclose them fairly, accurately, completely ,  and timely  based on the  relevant laws.  5 .  Relationship with Business Partners  The  Company  shall  provide  fair  opportunities  to  its  BPs  and  support  the  enhancement of their competitiveness to achieve mutual growth based on trust.  5.1  M utual Growth  The Company shall not  engage in wrongful acts ,  taking  advantage of  its  superior position ,  such as receiving  money or other valuables, treats  or  favors,  or  personal convenience ,  and  shall  pursue  mutual  benefit  and  growth.  5.2  Protection of  BP  Information  The  Company shall protect the information and trade secrets of  its BPs,

shall not use such information  for purposes  other than carrying out  a  designated work , and shall not unlawfully acquire or use such information  and trade secrets.  6 .  Responsibility for  Society  The Company shall not only contribute to economic growth but also shall use  its best efforts to achieve mutual growth with society by creating social values ,  and  shall  conduct business based on social norms.  6.1  Promotion of Sound Culture  The Company s hall comply with the relevant laws and regulations of the  regions  where  it  conducts  business and shall endeavor  to  c reate and  promote a sound culture .  6.2  Respect for Human  Dignity  The Company shall  comply with the Universal Declaration of Human  Rights  and other human rights - related international standards ,  shall  not engage in  any form of discrimination against its stakeholders  such as  customers  and  employees  based  on  race,  religion,  gender ,  disability ,  etc .,  and  shall  protect basic human rights i ncluding the protection of minors and customer  privacy.  6.3  E co - friendly Business Management  The Company shall  observe  international standards,  laws, and internal  regulations  related to  environmental protectio n and  practice eco - friendly  business manageme nt .  6.4  CSR  Activities  As a corporate citizen  of  the societies where business is conducted , the  Company shall actively participate in  CSR  activities ,  including volunteer  activities and disaster relief.  6.5  Maintenance of Political Neutrality  6.5.1  The Company shall respect each Employee’s political rights and  opinions, but shall disallow any  political activity that uses  the Company’s  funds, human resources ,  or facilities for  political purposes.  6.5.2  The Company shall handle charitable donations and sponsorships  reasonably in accordance with its internal regulations and procedures ,  and  prohibits donations and sponsorships provided for political purposes.  6.5. 3  The Company shall not engage in any  improper transactions with

government officials and shall abide by the laws and regulations  of each  country.  6. 6  Pursuit  of  Artificial Intelligence(AI) beneficial to Society  6. 6 .1  The Company shall  endeaver  to prevent AI services from causing social  problems such as prejudice based on race, nationality and gender, invasion  of privacy, and provision of false information, and  shall  fulfill necessary  duties of care  including  compliance with relevant laws  and  re gualtiuons and  s elf - inspection, from technology development to service launch.  6. 6 .2  The Company shall  cope with social problems that AI may cause  through technological innovation and  compliance  with related guidelines, and  shall maintain an open attitude to listen to the needs of society and solve  problems together .  7 .  Application of  the  Code of Ethics  7.1  Application and Compliance Obligations  7.1. 1  This Code of Ethics is applicable to the Company (including its  domestic  and  foreign  invest ment  companies  controlled  by  the  Company)  and  all  Employees of the Company. The Company shall encourage its stakeholders  to understand and practice this Code of Ethics.  7.1. 2  An Employee who has violated this Code of Ethics shal l be disciplined in  accordance with the relevant  company  bylaws .  7.2  Operation of  the  Code of Ethics Implementation Guide  The  head of the  Ethical  Management  Department  (including its domestic  and foreign  i nvest ment  companies controlled by the Company)  shall  enact  and enforce the  “ Code of Ethics Implementation Guide ”  for its proper  interpretation  and enforcement.  7. 3  Operation of the Regulation of Anti - Corruption Management System  The  head of the  Ethical  Management  Department shall  enact and enforce  the  “Regulation  of  Anti - Corruption  Management  System”  for  proper  interpretation  and  enforcement  of the “Code of Ethics”  and  for prevention  of corruption in the company .

< S upplementary Provision >  1.  Date of Enforcement  This Code of Ethics shall be in full force and effect from November 1, 2013.  < S upplementary Provision >  1.  Date of  Enforcement  This Code of Ethics shall be in full force and effect from  November  1 , 20 17 .  < S upplementary Provision >  1.  Date of Enforcement  This Code of Ethics shall be in full force and effect from April 18, 2022.  <S upplementary Provision >  1.  Date of Enforcement  This Code of Ethics shall be in full force and effect from  September  29 , 2022.  <S upplementary Provision >  1.  Date of  Enforcement  This Code of Ethics shall be in full force and effect from  July  18, 202 3 .


</Telecom_Korea_SK Telecom_2023.pdf>