This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Telecom_Korea_Kakao_2012.pdf>

Code of Ethics  1  Introduction  The Company’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which is embodied in the following standards,  is a guide to ethical decision - making. We are committed to  uncompromising integrity in all that we do  and how we relate to each other and to persons outside the Company. While the standards in the  Code are mainly based on laws to which we are all subject, in some cases they go beyond legal  obligations. In this res pect, the Code reflects the values that define the Company and the principle  that we must strive to avoid any circumstances that may give rise to even an appearance of  impropriety. The standards in this Code may be further explained or implemented through  policy  memoranda or other compliance manuals, including those relating to specific areas of our business.  This Code and related memoranda and manuals are available on our intranet, as well as in our  Human Resources and Legal Departments.  Each of us is pers onally responsible for making sure that our business decisions and actions comply  at all times with the letter and spirit of this Code. Given the pace of changes in our industry, no set of  standards should be considered the final word in all circumstances.  When you have doubts about the  application of a standard or where we have not addressed a situation that presents an ethical issue,  you should seek guidance from your immediate supervisor or from the Legal Department. In addition,  each of us has a duty to  report behavior on the part of others that appears to violate this Code or any  other compliance policy or procedure of the Company.  All supervisory and management personnel, including all officers and directors of the Company, have  a special responsibilit y to lead according to the standards in this Code, in both words and action. Our  supervisory and management personnel are also expected to adhere to and promote our “open door”  policy. This means that they are available to anyone with ethical concerns, que stions or complaints.  We also maintain a confidential “hot line” that you can call in those circumstances, the details of which  are set out at the end of this Code. Concerns may also be raised with the Company’s “lead” outside  director, whose contact detai ls are also set out at the end of this Code. All concerns, questions and  complaints will be taken seriously and handled promptly, confidentially and professionally. No  retaliation will be taken against any employee for raising any concern, question or comp laint in good  faith.  The following standards of conduct will be enforced at all organizational levels. Anyone who violates  them will be subject to prompt disciplinary action, including dismissal for cause.  2  Compliance with Laws, Rules and Regulations,  Etc.

It is the Company’s policy to be a good “corporate citizen.” Wherever we do business, employees of  the Company are required to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. Employees are  also responsible for complying with requirements of co ntracts that we have entered into with other  parties, such as intellectual property licenses, confidentiality agreements, leases, etc. The standards  in this Code must of course be interpreted in light of the law and practices of the countries where we  oper ate, as well as good common sense. Reasons such as “everyone does it” or “it’s not illegal” are  unacceptable as excuses for violating our Code. Any suspected or actual violation of any applicable  law, rule or regulation or our contractual undertakings shou ld be reported immediately to the  employee’s immediate supervisor or the Legal Department.  3.  Conflicts of Interest  A conflict of interest occurs whenever our private interests interfere with the interests of the Company  as a whole. In order for the Compan y to carry out its business effectively, it must be assured of its  employees’ loyalty. Employees must therefore refrain from entering into relationships that might  impair their judgment as to what is best for the Company.You cannot avoid these standards by  acting  through someone else, such as a friend or family member.  There are many different ways in which conflicts of interest arise. For example, personal financial  interests, obligations to another company or governmental entity or the desire to help a re lative or  friend are all factors that might divide our loyalties. To clarify what we mean, we have set out below  our policies about the most common types of conflict of interest.  Employees who believe it is not possible to avoid a conflict of interest must  bring this to the attention  of, and make full written disclosure of the surrounding circumstances to, their immediate supervisor,  who should in appropriate circumstances bring it to the attention of the Legal Department.  · Outside Employment and Directors hips  Employees, officers and members of the Board of Directors of the Company may not work for  or receive compensation for services from any competitor, customer, distributor or supplier  without the approval of the Legal Department. In addition, they may n ot serve on the board of  directors of another company or of a governmental agency without the advance approval of  the Legal Department. Most of these situations are likely to present conflicts of interest. Even  where approval is granted, employees, officer s and members must take appropriate steps to  separate Company and non - Company activities. The Legal Department will assist you in  determining what steps are appropriate.  · Investments  Employees, officers and members of the Board of Directors of the Company  may not have  financial interests in any competitor, customer, distributor or supplier where this would  influence, or appear to influence, their actions on behalf of the Company. If there is any doubt  about how an investment might be perceived, you should  discuss it in advance with your  immediate supervisor or the Legal Department.  · Using the Company’s Time and Assets for Personal Benefit

You may not perform non - Company work or solicit that work on the Company’s premises or  while working on the Company’s  time, including any paid leave you are granted by the  Company. Also, you are not permitted to use Company assets (including equipment,  telephones, materials, resources or proprietary information) for any outside work.  · Acceptance of Gifts and Entertainmen t  The acceptance of gifts and entertainment by employees or members of their family may  present a conflict of interest. While employees are permitted to accept gifts of nominal value,  such as unsolicited promotional items, they are prohibited from  accepting anything that might  reasonably be deemed to affect their judgment or that is accompanied by any express or  implied understanding that the recipient is in any way obligated do to something in exchange  for the gift. Similarly, employees may accept  entertainment, but only insofar as it is  reasonable in the context of the business at hand and facilitates the Company’s interests.  When practical, hospitality should be reciprocated. Employees are strictly prohibited from  soliciting gifts, gratuities or b usiness courtesies for the benefit of any family member or friend.  · Family Members and Close Personal Relationships  The Company’s standards of conduct are not intended to intrude on our personal lives.  Situations may arise, however, where our relationship s with family members and friends  create conflicts of interest. Generally, employees are prohibited from being in the position of  supervising, reviewing or having any influence on the job evaluation or salary of their close  relatives. Employees who have fa mily members or friends that work for businesses seeking to  provide goods or services to the Company may not use their personal influence to affect  negotiations.  · Public Service  We encourage our employees to be active in the political and civic life of th eir communities,  including charitable or educational activities. When doing so and making any public  communication, you should clarify that your views are yours individually and are not being  expressed as an employee of the Company. Your participation in o r service to the community  may also at times place you in a situation in which a conflict of interest with the Company  could arise. This could occur, for example, where the community is engaged in a negotiation  with the Company for goods or services or wit h respect to some other matter. The law may  require or permit you to abstain from any decision where these circumstances exist,  depending on your position within the Company and other factors. We encourage our  employees to be active in the political and ci vic life of their communities, including charitable  or educational activities. When doing so and making any public communication, you should  clarify that your views are yours individually and are not being expressed as an employee of  the Company. Your part icipation in or service to the community may also at times place you in  a situation in which a conflict of interest with the Company could arise. This could occur, for  example, where the community is engaged in a negotiation with the Company for goods or  s ervices or with respect to some other matter. The law may require or permit you to abstain  from any decision where these circumstances exist, depending on your position within the  Company and other factors.  You may not make any political contribution as a  representative of the Company. You must  also avoid lobbying activities or even the appearance of lobbying any governmental body or  public official as a representative of the Company without the express approval of the Legal  Department.

4.  Corporate Opportu nities  Employees may not appropriate to themselves, or to any other person or organization, the benefit of  any business venture, opportunity or potential opportunity that they learn about in the course of their  employment and that is in the Company’s line  of business without first obtaining the Company’s  consent. It is never permissible for employees to compete against the Company, either directly or  indirectly. Employees, officers and directors owe a duty to the Company to advance its legitimate  interests  when the opportunity to do so arises.  5.  Securities Laws and Insider Trading  In the course of their duties, employees may be exposed to information about the Company or other  companies that is not available to the general public. The use of such nonpublic  or “inside”  information for securities trading purposes is strictly forbidden, whether by the employee or any of his  or her family members or any other person to whom the employee may have communicated the  information. It is not only unethical, but also il legal and could expose the employee to civil and  criminal penalties.  Korean and U.S. laws prohibit anyone who possesses “material” non - public information about a  company to trade its stock or other securities. “Material” information is usually defined as a ny  information that might influence a reasonable investor to buy, sell or hold stock. Common examples  include financial results, financial forecasts, possible mergers, acquisitions or divestitures, significant  product developments and major changes in busi ness direction. U.S. law also prohibits anyone who  possesses material, non - public information from using it to tip anyone else who might trade on it.  Violation of the law may result in civil and criminal penalties, including fines or jail sentences.  Employ ees who are uncertain about the legal rules governing purchases and sales of securities they  wish to make should review the Company’s employee trading policies and, if questions persist,  consult the Legal Department before trading. Any employee who engages  in insider trading will be  subject to immediate termination.  6.  Confidential and Proprietary Information  Information is a valuable corporate asset. All employees have a duty to safeguard confidential and  proprietary information about the Company and infor mation that our customers, content providers and  suppliers have entrusted to us. Generally speaking, confidential and proprietary information is  information that has not been disclosed to the general public or that gives our business an advantage  over our  competitors or could expose us to harm or liability if released prematurely or inappropriately.  Common examples include formulas, patents, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as financial  information, corporate strategy and information about relationship s with our customers, content

providers and suppliers. Employees who are unsure about whether information should be treated as  confidential or proprietary must consult with their immediate supervisor or the Legal Department.  Employees must remain conscious  at all times of their duty to protect confidential and proprietary  information. For example, confidential or proprietary information should never be discussed in public  places such as elevators, airplanes or restaurants. In no event should confidential or  proprietary  information be disclosed to third parties without the express consent of the Legal Department, unless  this is otherwise legally required.  The duty to preserve the Company’s confidential and proprietary information is not limited to our  employe es’ period of employment, but continues even after they have left the Company.  7.  Fair Dealing  The Company is committed to dealing fairly and honestly with its customers, content providers,  suppliers, competitors and employees.  · Our Customers  Doing  business in an honest and fair manner with our customers means that we must earn  their business based on the quality of our services and products and our ability to fulfill our  commitments. Where our services or products are required to meet customer speci fications,  employees are prohibited from using false data or manipulating data in such a way as to  suggest compliance with these specifications when it has not been achieved. Employees  responsible for customer invoicing are required to reflect accurately o n invoices the cost of  services or products purchased and all other terms. Employees may not offer customers any  benefits or rewards that violate applicable law or our business practices or policies (e.g., the  Company’s policies on customer discounts) or t hat have more than nominal value.  Reasonable business entertainment is permitted, including at traditional promotional events,  so long as it is not in violation of applicable law and would not subject the Company to  criticism if disclosed publicly.  · Our C ontent Providers and Suppliers  Doing business in an honest and fair manner with our content providers and suppliers means  that employees responsible for buying or leasing services and materials on behalf of the  Company must do so objectively. We choose to  deal with our content providers and suppliers  on the basis of the price, quality and desirability of their goods and services. Employees must  not accept or seek out any benefit from content providers or a supplier or potential content  provider or supplier  that would even appear to compromise their judgment.  · Our Competitors  It is the Company’s policy to compete solely on the merits of our services and products.  Employees are strictly forbidden from using any illegal or unethical methods to gather  competiti ve information. This includes stealing proprietary information or trade secret  information or attempting to induce disclosure of such information by past or present  employees of other companies through misrepresentation or other means. Anyone with even  the  slightest concern about the legality of information they possess or the means by which it  was gathered should consult with the Legal Department. Employees should treat information

about our competitors with sensitivity and discretion. This information sho uld be made  available only in the proper context and to employees with a legitimate need to know.  · Our Employees  The Company recognizes that its employees are its most valuable resource. The Company  values the contributions that each of its employees make s and is committed to treating every  employee with respect. This includes preserving the confidentiality of employee records,  refraining from unwarranted intrusions into employees’ privacy and supporting to the greatest  extent possible employees’ aspiratio ns in the workplace.  8.  Competition Restrictions  In most countries, there are laws that govern the ways in which the Company may compete. The  purpose of these laws (sometimes known as “competition” or “antitrust” laws) is to prevent  interference with a com petitive market system. Under these laws, companies or individuals may not  enter into formal or informal agreements with other companies or individuals or engage in certain  other activities that unreasonably restrict competition. Illegal practices can incl ude, among others,  price fixing, allocating customers or territories or unlawfully abusing a dominant market position.  In contacts with competitors, employees are generally prohibited from discussing competitively  sensitive information, such as pricing pol icies, contract terms, costs, inventories, marketing and  product plans, market surveys and other proprietary or confidential information. Such discussions or  any collaboration with a competitor about competitively sensitive matters can be illegal. While  di scussions of some sensitive information may, under certain circumstances, be permissible, no such  discussions with competitors should take place without prior approval of the Legal Department.  Employees are required to report promptly to the Legal Departme nt any instance in which a  competitor has raised any of these topics or otherwise suggested collaboration with respect to any of  them.  9.  Protection and Proper Use of Company Assets  The Company’s success requires a commitment on the part of all of its  employees to the proper  allocation and use of its assets, tangible and intangible. For these purposes, the Company’s assets  include equipment, supplies, tools, inventory, funds, computer systems and equipment, computer  software, computer data, vehicles, re cords or reports, nonpublic information, intellectual property or  other sensitive information or materials and telephone, voice mail or e - mail communications, as well  as Company funds in any form. We have a duty to protect the Company’s assets from loss, d amage,  misuse, theft or sabotage. We must also ensure the efficient use of the Company’s assets. The  Company’s assets are to be used for business purposes only. Management must approve any use of  Company assets or services that is not solely for the Compan y’s benefit.  10.  Accurate Books and Records

Korean and U.S. laws require the Company to make sure that its books and records accurately and  fairly represent transactions and dispositions of our assets in reasonable detail. In all of our  operations, it is a  violation of company policy, and possibly illegal, for any employee to cause our  books and records to be inaccurate in any way. Employees must never create or participate in the  creation of records that are misleading or artificial. Employees are expected  to cooperate fully with our  internal and independent auditors. In particular, the following requirements must be strictly respected  by all employees.  · Access to Company Assets, Transactions on Management’s Authorization  Access to Company assets is permit ted only in accordance with management’s general or  specific authorization and transactions must be executed only in accordance with  management’s general or specific authorizations. Transactions involving the Company must  be recorded to permit preparation  of our financial statements in conformity with generally  accepted accounting principles and related requirements and to maintain accountability for  the Company’s assets.  · Accurate Books  All Company books and records must be true and complete. False or mis leading entries are  strictly prohibited, and the Company will not condone any undisclosed liabilities or unrecorded  bank accounts or assets established for any purpose.  · Proper Payments  No employee may authorize payment of Company funds knowing that any p art of the  payment will be used for any purpose other than the purpose described in the documents  supporting the payment.  · Appropriate Controls  Administrative and accounting controls must be implemented to provide reasonable  assurance that the Company is  in compliance with the above requirements and that financial  and other reports are accurately and reliably prepared, and fully and fairly disclose all  required or otherwise material information.  11.  Complete, Accurate and Timely Disclosure  The Company is  owned by the public and its shares are listed for trading on KOSDAQ. As a result,  the Company is obligated to make various disclosures to the public. The Company is committed to full  compliance with all requirements applicable to its public disclosures. Th e Company has implemented  disclosure controls and procedures to assure that its public disclosures are timely, compliant and  otherwise full, fair, accurate and understandable.  All employees responsible for the preparation of the Company’s public disclosure s, or who provide  information as part of that process, have a responsibility to assure that such disclosures and  information are complete, accurate and in compliance with the Company’s disclosure controls and  procedures.  12.  Discrimination or Harassment

Th e Company is committed to providing a work environment that is free from any form of  discrimination on the basis of race, ethnicity, gender, creed, religion, age, disability or sexual  preference. It is our policy to provide equal opportunity to all employe es with regard to hiring, pay  rates, training and development, promoions and other terms of employment. Employment decisions  will comply with all applicable employment laws.  The Company will not tolerate harassment, including sexual harassment, in any form . This includes  verbal or physical conduct that demeans or threatens any employee, creates a hostile work  environment, unreasonably interferes with an individual’s work performance or otherwise adversely  affects an individual’s employment.  13.  Payments to  Government Personnel  Practices that are considered acceptable in the commercial business environment, such as providing  meals, transportation, entertainment or other things of value, may violate certain domestic or foreign  laws when we are dealing with gov ernmental agents. Employees must not give anything of value to  governmental agents if this could be interpreted as an attempt to curry favor on behalf of the  Company. Consult the Legal Department if there is any uncertainty about permitted interactions wit h  governmental agents.  14.  Bribery  Commercial bribery of any nature is a violation of Company policy and is illegal under Korean and U.S.  laws. Employees are strictly prohibited from offering any form of bribe, kickback or inducement to any  person.  15.  Wai vers of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics  회사는  여하한  정부의  조사에  전적으로  협조할  것입니다 .  회사의  사업운영  또는  관행 ( 자신의  책임범위를  벗어난  사안의  경우  포함 ) 에  대한  정부조사  또는  질의가  임박하였거나  또는  고려  중이라고  합리적으로  생각하는  직원 ,  이사  또는  임원은  이를  HR  팀에  통지하여야  하며  그  근거를  제시하여야  합니다 .  세무감사  및  환경조사와  같은  일상적인  정부와의  관계는  본  기준에  포함되지  않습니다 .  회사는  이해관계의  충돌을  유발하지  아니하고  회사와  회사의  직원 ,  이사  또는  임원  양측의  이해관계  모두를  항상  보호할  수는  없습니다 .  이  경우 ,  직원 ,  이사  또는  임원은  자신의  법률고문을  따로  둘  수  있습니다 .  회사가  개인적인  법률비용을  지급할  것인지  여부는  법적인  제한  또는  기타  제한  및  사안의  사실관계  또는  정황에  따라  결정됩니다 .  16.  Government Investigations  The Company will cooperate fully with any governmental investigation. Any employee who reasonably  believes that a government investigation or inquiry may be threatened or under consideration with  respect to any of the Company’s operations or practices (inc luding any outside such employee’s

scope of responsibilities) should so notify the Legal Department and provide the basis for such belief.  Routine dealings with the government, such as our tax audits and environmental inspections, are not  covered by this s tandard.  The Company may not always be able to protect both its own interests and those of an employee,  without giving rise to a conflict of interest. In that case, the employee may need his or her own  counsel. Whether the Company can pay for the employee’ s legal expenses will depend on legal or  other restrictions and the facts and circumstances of the matter.  17.  Audits; Investigations; Disciplinary Action  The Company will conduct periodic audits of compliance with this Code. Allegations of potential  wrong doing will be investigated by the proper corporate or departmental personnel and, upon the  advice of the Legal Department, will be reported to the Board of Directors (or an appropriate  committee thereof) and to the relevant authorities. Knowingly false acc usations of misconduct will be  subject to disciplinary action. All employees are required to cooperate fully with any internal or  external investigation. Employees must also maintain the confidentiality of any investigation and  related documentation, unles s specifically authorized by the Legal Department to disclose such  information.  Appropriate disciplinary penalties for violations of this Code may include counseling, reprimands,  warnings, suspensions with or without pay, demotions, salary reductions, dism issals and restitution.  Disciplinary action may also extend to a violator’s supervisor insofar as the Company determines that  the violation involved the participation of the supervisor or reflected the supervisor’s lack of diligence  in causing compliance w ith this Code. Any person who takes any action whatsoever in retaliation  against any employee who has in good faith raised any question or concern about compliance with  this Code will be subject to serious sanctions, which may include dismissal for cause.  Employees are reminded that the Company’s document retention policies strictly prohibit the  destruction or alteration of documentation undertaken with the intent to obstruct any pending or  threatened investigation or proceeding of any nature or in contempl ation of a proceeding.  18.  Where to Turn for Advice  Employees who have questions about this Code of Business Conduct and Ethics should turn to their  immediate supervisors in the first instance. The Company’s “open door” policy gives employees the  freedom t o approach any member of management with ethical questions or concerns without fear of  retaliation. The Company has also established a hot line, which can be accessed by telephone and e -  mail. Employees who use the hot line are guaranteed confidential treat ment. All employee  communications made in good faith will be treated promptly and professionally and without risk of  retribution whatsoever.

Hotline : Hotline  e - mail: daum_hotline@daumcorp.com  Telephone : 82 - 2 - 6718 - 1272


</Telecom_Korea_Kakao_2012.pdf>