This text has been parsed automatically and contains typos; you MUST ignore typos and reconstruct meaning on your own:

<Telecom_Korea_Samsung SDS_2021.pdf>

Copyright 2021. Samsung SDS Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.  Code of Conduct Guidelines

Copyright 2021. Samsung SDS Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.  I  II  III  V  IV  VI

Copyright 2021. Samsung SDS Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.

Copyright 2021. Samsung SDS Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.  •  The societal and environmental challenges our world is facing bring about an uncertain business environment and the risks in  our  business often pertain to consequences in business performance or corporate reputation as well. Samsung SDS approaches these  risks in an effort to effectively minimize any harm to our employees and the environment, and to our global business. Samsung  SD S  assesses the various factors that may become a risk to the company in an uncertain business environment and establishes  countermeasures to manage risks effectively.  02  •  We at Samsung SDS strive to drive positive change and contribute to a better world through our innovative products and servic es.  Our core values, [people, excellence, change, integrity and co - prosperity] demonstrate our dedication toward a brighter future f or  mankind, and are at the heart of every decision we make. ‘Samsung SDS Code of Conduct Guidelines’(“Code of Conduct Guidelines ”)  is founded on five ‘Samsung Business Principles’ and ensure that we are holding ourselves to the highest standards in complyi ng  with laws and ethics.  01  Samsung Business Principles  5. We  are a socially  responsible corporate  citizen.  4. We  care about the  environment, health  and  safety.  3. We respect  customers, shareholders  and employees.  2. We  maintain a  clean organizational  culture.  1. We  comply with  laws and ethical  standards.  •  All Samsung SDS employees, mindful that we are the representation of the corporate value and reputation of the company, shall  comply with the law and maintain high ethical standards. These ‘Code of Conduct Guidelines’ were written based on our ‘Samsun g  SDS Code of Conduct’ to guide all employees to make the proper judgments. Samsung SDS respects and protects the fundamental  human rights taking into account international human rights principles and standards set forth in the Universal Declaration o f  Human Rights, the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, the Organization for Economic Co - operation and  Development’s guidelines for multinational enterprises, the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child, the ILO Declaration on  Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, and the laws of the countries in which we operate.  I  •  In the course of business activities at Samsung SDS, there will inevitably be risks that arise from the ever - changing global soc iety. All  employees should be prepared to face such risks swiftly and appropriately, according to their roles and responsibilities. It  is  an  employee’s right and responsibility to be well - informed, using guidance from the ‘Samsung SDS Code of Conduct’ and 'Code of  Conduct Guidelines'. Samsung SDS relies on the employees’ collective effort to prevent and minimize corporate risks.

Copyright 2021. Samsung SDS Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.  •  The  guidelines apply to all employees at Samsung SDS. Employees whose job description entails purchasing,  taxation, marketing, sales and environment - related activities are also expected to work in compliance with  additional policies applicable to their job.  •  For  suppliers of Samsung SDS, we strongly advise that they consider and implement the contents of the ‘Code of  Conduct Guidelines’ applicable to their business management, while enforcing the mandatory ‘Samsung SDS  Suppliers’ Code of Conduct .’  03  •  Samsung  SDS expects all employees to make the right decisions based on sufficient information.  •  When  making business decisions for Samsung SDS, all employees are expected to conduct a self - diagnosis via the  ‘Code of Conduct Guidelines’ to review whether the problems and outcomes involved in the decision have been  adequately considered.  •  Along  with the guidelines, employees are recommended to refer to our 'Samsung SDS Code of Conduct' and other  detailed policies when seeking guidance in making decision.  04  •  Samsung  SDS has dedicated channels through which our employees can report ethical violations and/or non -  compliance. Employees may call, mail, send a fax or submit an online report on the website. The reports are  carefully reviewed and handled discreetly .  •  If  and when an employee detects instances of non - compliance, or possible non - compliance of 'Code of Conduct  Guidelines' the employee is responsible for reporting his or her respective concerns to Samsung SDS website,  company system (ethical management, CPMS), and audit team (audit.sds@samsung.com) and compliance team  (compliance.sds@samsung.com) via email. If an employee becomes subject to illegal, immoral and/or prohibited  actions, the employee is required to report the situation .  •  We  want our employees to feel reassured in communicating with us openly and honestly, without the threat of  consequences. Samsung SDS does not, under any circumstance, tolerate retaliation against any employee who  makes a good faith report and/or refuses to partake in acts in violation of these guidelines.  05  I.

Copyright 2021. Samsung SDS Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.  •  Working  hours are decided according to the characteristics of each work area and the related regulations in each country. Wages  are determined reasonably and fairly in accordance with relevant laws and standards .  •  Samsung  SDS’ internal Compensation on Salaries and Benefits complies with applicable labor laws and regulations concerning  wage, overtime allowance, social insurance, and vacation .  •  We  adopt globally recognized standards on performance evaluation to ensure that our employees are treated fairly according to  their competence and achievement thereby providing talented individuals with a better chance to excel as professionals.  07  •  Samsung  SDS endeavors to create the best work environment for our employees. We regularly listen to employee concerns  through company communication channels. Moreover, the management attentively listens to employees on the basis of an open  communication culture .  •  Our  objective is to maintain and develop a mutually cooperative and coexisting employer - employee relationship based on faith  and trust. To this end, we recognize and respect our employees’ right to freedom of association in accordance with local laws .  •  When  experiencing discomfort during work, our employees may use the company grievance resolution channel. Samsung SDS  guarantees the anonymity of employees using the grievance resolution channel and the secrecy of the information collected  through the channel.  •  Samsung  SDS strives to foster a creative, culturally diverse and collaborative work environment in which rights of all employees  are always respected. Samsung SDS does not and will not tolerate discrimination based on race, culture, religion, age and any  other grounds pursuant to local law, or any harassment or offensive behaviors of employees that may disrupt the workplace or  interfere with works of other employees .  •  Samsung  SDS provides various employee benefit systems and programs (telecommuting, maternity/paternity leave, infertility  treatment leave, child care facilities and more) in order to improve the quality of our employees’ lives. Our work spaces are  designed to allow our employees with disabilities to work comfortably .  •  When  giving instructions, supervisors shall not direct subordinates to carry out work that either violates applicable laws as well  as Samsung SDS policies and procedures, or is irrelevant to business itself. Involuntary conduct of business, whether driven  by  physical or mental coercion, is also prohibited.  06  08  II

Copyright 2021. Samsung SDS Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.  •  Samsung  respects the privacy of current and former employees and treats all information with confidentiality and integrity .  •  With  the exception of the following three occasions, employee consent shall always be required prior to disclosure of personal  information:  ‒  When  required due to a particular legal regulation or  obligation;  ‒  When  required in performing tasks decided upon by a public  authority;  ‒  When  a legal representative cannot express intention or give prior consent, and when the information is deemed  necessary for the imminent benefit of one’s life and property .  09  •  To  respect each individual’s human rights, Samsung SDS provides equal opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants.  We do not discriminate on the basis of gender, skin color, race, ethnicity, nationality, religion, age, marital status, sexua l  preference, sexual identity, social status, disability, pregnancy, military status, protected genetic information, or politic al  affiliation in all processes such as work, promotion, compensation and disciplinary measures.  10  •  Samsung  SDS prohibits child labor as per the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child, The Children’s Rights and Business  Principles, and ILO Convention; and all our sites at home and abroad comply with them.  11  •  Samsung  SDS strongly supports the right of voluntary labor and is committed to banning participation in, or imposition of, forced  labor by means of mental or physical bondage.  12  •  Samsung  SDS complies with all laws and regulations that promote sound and healthy competition, which are commonly known  as competition laws, monopoly and fair trade laws. Our ‘Samsung SDS Fair Competition Policy’ prohibits wrongful collaboration  (settling price and contract terms, bid rigging, etc.) and unfair trading practices (abuse of power in trade, forced trade, e tc .).  •  Not  only Samsung SDS employees, but also business partners and suppliers are subject to applicable laws and regulations on fair  competition. There is a strict zero tolerance policy in regard to bid rigging and similar conflicts.  13  II.  •  Samsung  SDS abides by the related laws and regulations of each country when engaging in international trade. In order to export  our products, solutions, services and technology, we comply with the export controls of each country .  •  Our  customers and business partners are included and excluded or otherwise updated according to the list of trade embargoes  and governmental restrictions. Samsung SDS encourages all of our suppliers and business partners to follow regulations.  14

Copyright 2021. Samsung SDS Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.  15  •  Samsung  SDS complies with the local anti - corruption laws and regulations according to the ‘Samsung SDS Anti - Corruption  Policy .’  •  All  employees may not give or take a bribe, directly or through others. Mere indications such as suggestions, promises and  approval of bribery are also prohibited. Gifts and acts of hospitality initiated as a consequence of business are impermissib le  at  Samsung SDS .  •  When  employees become aware of a violation of the guidelines, applicable policies or anti - corruption laws, they must seek out  methods to report the issue at hand.  16  •  Samsung  SDS complies with the disclosure regulations of countries in which our securities are registered and regulated. In  addition, we follow accounting/finance manuals, policies and reporting guidelines in disclosing key managerial information, s uch  as changes in our financial statements, to our shareholders and stakeholders in a timely manner. Furthermore, transaction  information is reported and managed accurately based on international standards, national accounting regulations, company  standards and regulations. We undergo external audits on a regular basis as well .  •  As a multinational company operating in many countries, Samsung SDS prevents tax risks by accurately understanding local tax  laws, and analyzes applicable laws and customs with every deal and transaction. We only conduct business within the  parameters of the law .  •  Samsung  SDS complies with the laws and regulations of every country we operate in. We keep transparent relationship with local  tax authorities and if appropriate readily disclose information such upon request .  •  All  employees with tax - related positions at Samsung SDS must perform their tasks in compliance with relevant law in  accordance with such tax policies, and through a transparent relationship with local tax authorities.  17  •  Samsung  SDS complies with relevant laws in the process of making purchase decisions, negotiating, drawing up contracts and  managing contracts. Samsung SDS’ suppliers are also subject to the same laws and regulations .  •  Without  appropriate authorization, all employees are prohibited from making informal agreements regarding Samsung SDS’  business. Employees must prepare written contracts in accordance with Samsung SDS’ contract process, for every relationship  formed and maintained with business partners and suppliers on behalf of Samsung SDS .  •  Without  authorization, employees are not entitled to make new agreements or alter clauses on existing contracts, verbally or in  written form. When an update is necessary in terms of the price or the conditions of the contract and/or service, employees  must receive approval from management or the department with the proper authority .  •  Contracts  are not to be entered into or manipulated for the personal and improper benefit of an employee or third party .  •  We  do not deal with any suspicious entity and we do not compromise our integrity by getting involved in false or irregular deals  that are potentially illegal.  II.

Copyright 2021. Samsung SDS Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.  •  Samsung  SDS complies with local laws that apply to government - associated activities, and prohibits acts of improperly  influencing government  officials.  •  In  the process of competing for contracts from government entities and government - owned businesses, Samsung SDS’  employees do so ethically, transparently, honestly and accurately in compliance with all applicable laws and  regulations.  •  Employees  must follow Samsung SDS’ compliance policies regarding anti - corruption and fair competition in dealing with the  government and others in the public sector. Should employees become concerned about any real or potential violation of  procurement - related law or regulation, they are urged to immediately notify leadership and report to the compliance department.  18  •  Samsung  SDS respects and advocates an employee’s right to participate in political activities. Nonetheless, any decision to  become involved in political activities is entirely personal and voluntary, and therefore should be managed on the employee’s  ow n  time and with his or her own  resources.  •  Visiting  government officials is possible as a means to promote Samsung SDS’ solutions, services and share Samsung SDS’ views  on public policies; however, if the government official is planning to run for election under the Public Official Election Ac t a t the  time of visit, employees must consult with the legal team or the compliance team in advance as it may misconstrue intentions  as  political activity.  19  •  Given  the course of our day - to - day businesses, it is not unusual to acquire personal information of our customers, suppliers, job  seekers, website visitors and so on. There are, however, limits to how such information may be used and/or stored. All employ ees  must use the information only when necessary for legitimate business purposes and in terms of pursuant to Samsung SDS’  internal policies and applicable laws. It is not permissible to change one’s personal information without a legitimate right  or  reason, nor can an employee disclose such information to another party without the necessary legal  rights.  •  When  personal information is needed for business activities, employees must provide specific and clear reasons why it is needed,  in addition to checking whether it is consistent with the business purpose, relevant laws and Samsung SDS’  policies.  •  All  employees are expected to comply with data privacy laws in each of the countries we conduct business in, and to keep  familiar with the ‘Privacy Policy’ on the Samsung SDS website.  20  •  Information  about competitors or external institutions is collected through legal and ethical  means.  •  Improper  or illegal acts can be illustrated as below:  ‒  Surveillance , wiretapping, hacking, bribery, trespassing or  theft;  ‒  Acquiring  a competitor’s confidential information through an employee of the  competitor;  ‒  Acquiring  occupational secrets including those related to bidding through unlawful means.  21  II.

Copyright 2021. Samsung SDS Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.  •  Samsung SDS recognizes the importance of customer privacy and information assets of our customers, and we strive to be clear  and transparent about how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store information. Our ‘Privacy Policy’ comply with informa tio n  management procedures and applies to Samsung SDS products, solutions, IT systems, website or online applications .  •  Samsung  SDS classifies information assets by their importance in order to protect such information assets from various security  threats including damaging, forgery, theft and leakage, and regularly conducts risk assessments to manage the assets  systematically .  •  When  inspections or inquiries by regulatory authorities take place, we expect our employees to notify our legal department and  fully cooperate with authorities with the help of relevant departments.  22  II.

Copyright 2021. Samsung SDS Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.  III  •  When  an employee’s personal interest clashes with Samsung SDS’ and creates a conflict of interest, the employee is expected to  act in the best interests of Samsung SDS as opposed to pursuing personal interests or become divided in loyalty. In such a  situation, the employee should first disclose and seek guidance where necessary from his or her manager or the human  resources department.  •  A  conflict of interest can arise in a situation related to activities outside of work. In some cases, an employee may be permit ted  to engage in the activity if he or she obtains approval of the manager and take steps to address the conflict. Also, we do no t  work for an organization that has interests in or with Samsung SDS.  •  Samsung  SDS’ assets and premises shall be used for the sole purpose of conducting business as authorized by management.  We do not allow theft, damage or unauthorized use of Samsung SDS’ assets and premises. We also prohibit improper use of  Samsung SDS’ assets and premises by external parties such as friends or family.  •  Samsung  SDS’ assets and premises include physical, financial, intellectual and human resource assets; communication systems;  equipment; corporate charge cards; and other  supplies.  •  Employees  shall not use Samsung SDS’ assets and premises for personal reasons.  24  •  Using  undisclosed material information about Samsung SDS or a third party for personal advantage (financial or otherwise) and/or sh are  such information with others is strictly prohibited .  •  ‘ Undisclosed material information’ refers to information yet to be disclosed to the public or that has already been disclosed  to  the public but  still within the period or time for each means of disclosure specified by the law, that may have significant influence on an  inv estor’s decision  to trade in the public securities of a company.  25  23  •  We  do not tolerate unjust use of undisclosed material information in any of the countries where we conduct  business.  •  We  are prohibited to trade securities based on undisclosed material information. On the same note, should we become aware of  the establishment of a new facility or the expansion of a pre - existing facility, we will not invest in property located near by  the  facility.  Types of Material Information  Samsung SDS’ financial  performances such as  revenue and dividend  Organizational changes such  as acquisitions and mergers  The release of new products and  services, breakthroughs in  research etc.  Announcement of starting  new businesses, etc.

Copyright 2021. Samsung SDS Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.  III.  •  Samsung  SDS respects and complies with the laws and/or regulations that govern both the rights to, and protection of intellectual  property.  •  All  employees are urged to protect Samsung SDS’ intellectual property and trade secrets according to the ‘Guidelines on Intellect ual  Properties .’  •  Employees  must disclose all intellectual property created in a business capacity. If an employee wishes to file for intellectual proper  ty  rights other  than through Samsung SDS, we advise him or her to seek advice and direction from the department in charge of intellectual pro per ty prior to filing  the application .  •  Prior  to installing software from any source onto any computer or digital device provided by Samsung SDS, or prior to use for Samsu ng  SDS  business purposes, employees are advised to follow the applicable procedure of the department in charge. Also, through the Sa msu ng SDS  Software License Guidelines, we protect our customers, employees and company from illegal software. When using the Internet,  emp loyees shall  refrain from actions that may violate IT security or make their device more susceptible to viruses.  •  In  case where an employee is excused from his or her employment at Samsung, the employee is to return all properties holding inf orm ation  regarding Samsung and avoid disclosing or using the information at all costs.  •  Samsung  has ownership of the intellectual property created during an employee’s time as a Samsung employee, even after he or she leav es  the  position.  26  •  It  is paramount that all employees follow the information security policies for managing and protecting proprietary information.  We  only use and  disclose sensitive information when deemed necessary (need - to - know basis ).  •  We  take cautionary measures against inadvertent or intentional disclosure of proprietary information. If an employee ceases to w ork  for Samsung  for any reason, the employee must continue to maintain confidentiality on information gained during his or her employment.  •  The  proprietary information of others shall not be obtained through illegitimate means. Any deeds that may instigate or encourage  il legal acts are  strictly prohibited .  •  All  employees maintain confidentiality on sensitive information pertaining to customers, business partners, and suppliers.  27  Proprietary  Information  •  Includes: earnings and other financial data, business plans and projections, information about current  and future products and services, software in object or source code form, personnel information  including executive and organizational changes etc.  Cautionary  Cases  of  Information Leakage  •  We  do not share proprietary information with friends, family, or former Samsung employees.  •  We  do not discuss proprietary information in public places (offline) or on social networks (online ).  •  We  do not work on documents containing proprietary information in public  places.  •  We  do not leak business activities that have not been publically  announced.  •  We  do not leak photographed images and/or location information of key facilities of the company and our  customers.  Example  •  When  employees must disclose their affiliation with Samsung SDS, or disclose any other information regarding Samsung SDS at a publ ic  event  such as a seminar or an interview, they are always expected to receive prior authorization from the related  department.  •  The  opinions that an employee voices in a public forum or post on social media belong only to the individual employee. We advise  emp loyees to not  give the appearance that they are speaking or acting on behalf of Samsung SDS and other employees as a  whole.  •  Especially  when using social media sites and blogs, we take extra care to follow the ‘Employee Guidelines for Using Social Media’ in ord er  to prevent  the leakage of confidential corporate information.  28

Copyright 2021. Samsung SDS Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.  IV  •  All  employees are expected to comply with Samsung SDS’ ‘Brand Guide.’ The company brand and logo are to be protected at all times , a nd  should only be used when appropriately  authorized.  •  Samsung  SDS neither engages in nor tolerates false, misleading and exaggerated advertisements. Employees must always make sure to  only disclose solutions and service information that can be  substantiated.  •  In  all of our advertising, marketing, sales and general presentation materials, Samsung SDS avoids false and misleading statemen ts  about  the quality or performance of our solutions. We also do not make false and illegal claims about our competitors and/or their  sol utions and  services.  29  •  Samsung  SDS creates a better future for humanity by integrating technology and business based on data. We lead in distinguishing valu e o f  digitalization with the synergy from combining AI, cloud, security and other data - centric technologies acquired through continue d  investments in business innovating technologies, and our expertise in various business  sectors.  •  Samsung  SDS aim for human centered approach based on Design Thinking and innovation using latest technology, developing solutions and  services that can amplify customer value.  32  •  Under  the vision of ‘deliver impressive customer experience through quality innovation’, Samsung SDS empathizes the importance of q ual ity  management in providing IT services such as our solutions and logistics BPO  services.  •  All  employees are encouraged to gain an in - depth understanding of the needs of customers and changes in technologies. Therefore, we  embrace the requests and suggestions made by our customers and partners by reflecting them to improve our solutions and servi ces .  30  •  Samsung  SDS endeavors to increase the accessibility of our websites and applications so that everyone regardless of their physical  limitations and backgrounds can enjoy the customer value Samsung SDS provides in all technological environments.  •  All  of Samsung SDS’ solutions and services are built around a human - centered philosophy and cutting - edge technology that recognizes  diversity and embraces difference, so that our customers can fully recognize and  understand.  •  To  make our solutions and services more accessible to people with disabilities, we perform an analysis on the different challeng es  that  people with disabilities may face in using them and use the results to develop technologies for more intuitive methods.  31

Copyright 2021. Samsung SDS Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.  •  Samsung  SDS boasts one of the lowest PUEs(power usage effectiveness) in the country by applying latest energy  reduction technology that reflect geographical climate conditions in designing new data centers. Our effort to  establish and operate eco - friendly data centers includes using certified eco - friendly materials and reducing  emission of contaminants to make our facilities certified green buildings .  •  In  our effort to reduce power usage and greenhouse gas emission, Samsung SDS also uses renewable energy  installations for solar power generation, solar water heating and geothermal air conditioning/heating in addition to  many energy reduction technology we employ.  33  •  Samsung  SDS complies with our ‘Safe Environment Policy’ to recognize realization of safe and healthy workplace  and eco - friendly business management as our priorities, and do business that respects man and nature in all our  places of operation at home and abroad.  34  •  We  operate equipment replacement cycle in order to eliminate potential risks caused by the deterioration of  equipment. Regular safety trainings also contribute to the compliance of safety rules and the health and safety of  our  employees.  •  Samsung  SDS complies with international standards, related laws and our ‘Safe Environment Policy’ on enhancing  the safety, health and security of our employees. We follow security guidelines and maintain our work sites on a  daily  basis.  •  According  to our ‘Work Environment Management Guidelines,’ Samsung SDS designs a safe work environment,  establishes work procedures, provides personal protection equipment, and conducts regular safety training to  prevent workers from being exposed to potential risks (dust, confined space, noise, office air pollution, etc.). We  also refer to the ‘Emergency Preparedness and Response Guidelines’ to understand and evaluate potential  emergencies and accidents such as fire, blackout, storms and flood damages in order to be prepared with  adequate response procedures.  35  V

Copyright 2021. Samsung SDS Co., Ltd. All rights reserved.  •  We  see it as our responsibility to help enhance the quality of life for the people we serve and the local communities in which w e  operate.  •  By  creating employment opportunities in these areas and providing employee training opportunities through business activities,  Samsung SDS  contributes to the development of the talent in local communities, resulting in greater long - term impact.  VI  •  Samsung  SDS employees, wherever they are located, are expected to carry out their duties and responsibilities as a member of  the local community .  •  Samsung  SDS continuously develops and implements programs that are custom - fit to each community. Our technologies,  services and experts provide local youth with the necessary skills and job training needed to build a better future. We activ ely  encourage employees to participate in community service projects in the form of volunteer work, disaster relief and more.  37  •  Samsung  SDS endeavors to mutually strengthen competitiveness through the support of our suppliers. We therefore establish  action plans for co - prosperity, establish a healthy co - prosperity system and ultimately create shared value among Samsung SDS  and stakeholders.  38  •  Samsung  SDS mandates that suppliers with whom we do business must adhere to ‘Samsung SDS Suppliers’ Code of Conduct’ published on  our website and referenced in our suppliers’  portal.  •  Under  the Suppliers’ Code of Conduct, our suppliers are required to comply with international standards and local laws related to h uma n  rights, child labor, working hours, forced labor, discrimination and  environment.  •  Samsung  SDS incorporates compliance management into our comprehensive supplier evaluation, along with other basic competencies such  as technology, quality, and on - time delivery. Samsung SDS includes environment and human rights in the comprehensive supplier  evaluations to ensure strict compliance to our policies and related laws and international standards are in place. We also mo nit or continuous  compliance through supplier self - check sheets and assessments from internal and third party  experts.  •  In  the case of a violation by a supplier, Samsung SDS responds immediately and helps establish measures to prevent reoccurrence.  Moreover, our employees are required to evaluate compliance management of new suppliers and are permitted to do business with  suppliers operating with the same high standards that we expect of  ourselves.  •  Samsung  SDS recognizes our suppliers and business partners as strategic allies pursuing the shared value of customer satisfaction.  Therefore, our employees shall not exert or attempt to exert influence to obtain special treatment.  39  36




</Telecom_Korea_Samsung SDS_2021.pdf>